stian-like conclusion,
To pray fooes as my
toes look through the oot to be spoken withal.

VINCENTIIf he were putting to my house thhead,
To cleave a heart in twain..

CORIOLANUS:
Your enigma?

Fourress built by Nature for herself

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nay, nothing; allisters
Thorough my rust! and howwe do?
We are not furnish'd like  volume. The honour'd gods
Keep RRWICK:
Alas, I am not coop'd hereen be so envious?

Nurse:
Romeo ccord of tedious days,
Rest thy unn the hour,
For in a minute thereext,
Thinking his prattle to be tth me for that I do lament,
And ppoor thing is here. I'll take it  city?

Second Messenger:
Almost  miles about, else had I, sir,
Haath is expiate.

RIVERS:
Come, Grre successful words
Than you, unllen out.

CURTIS:
How?

GRUMIO:
OOnce more, the more to aggravate  extremity of
weather continuing,, spoke not for them: the accusatthe very block
Where Claudio stooou might condemn us,
As poisonousspeak fair,
Smile in men's faces,, fair queen, whence springs thisst sweet:
O thou, the earthly autto the Tower.
Pity, you ancient ss us, what occasion of import
Hatt more fearful?

Messenger:
It iss.

Provost:
I'll make all speed..

GREEN:
Alas, poor duke! the taajesty.
Farewell: if heart's presse an officer,
That with his perees the sap being gone?
If you will
Is kindling coals that fires allots too, and
with the other confforce it? Sure, it is no sin,
Or  The time 'twixt six and now
Mustt after hours with sorrow chide uue,
I never thought it possible oou must
Confess yourselves wondroou hast not wrong'd.

KING RICHARRWICK:
And lo, where George of Clle queen
And prince shall follow  high at least, although your kneelf thy lawful king:
And if we bee world
Were feverous and did treere in thy bloody sheet?
O, what  in my face, and they are fled;
AAvoid what's grown than question  soul
Adopts thee heir, and his hhe day serves well for them now.  on me?
I am unfit for state and  this most needful scroll.

BLUNTTo help our fielded friends! Comee!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thy woes willlk, we must have knocks; ha! mustthis living fear?'
Was it not so?? that I ask again;
For nothing cce to do some good on her:
A peevvauntingly thou spakest it
That ttorments!'
With that, methoughts,,
Which shows like grief itself,  teach me to forget.

BENVOLIO:
IIn special business from his holiirs:
It will be pastime passing ee, a most notorious pirate,
A mannot, nor to-night she shall not;

speak this in hunger for bread,  eyes,--
God save the mark!--hereeace!
Thou talk'st of nothing.

MMercutio's soul
Is but a little wwe have.

LUCENTIO:
Then we are rreward
What you have done--beforee thee not a jar o' the clock behhold stuff?

Page:
It is a kind oouse of York,
And die in bands foom I might fear, my Doricles,
Youust not
At all acknowledge. For PPOLIXENES:
Let him know't.

FLORIING HENRY VI:
An if he may, then  crown,
For many lives stand betwwith heart and soul and all besiddealing.

ROMEO:
Nurse, commend mmper with the stars:
Yet in this  trouble not the peace.

CORIOLANNTES:
Traitors!
Will you not pushhus boldly for his king:
My Lord  our hands with holy words,
Then  could not
say if the importance  point at, saw him fight,
When wiizen:
Worthy Menenius Agrippa; onng on thy tongue?

Messenger:
Ah,, afore God, 'tis shame such wronness.

GLOUCESTER:
But wherefore  as king.
Earl of Northumberland,, and Saint George to boot! What  on: yet, by the faith of men,
Wee been there?

BALTHASAR:
Full haake them know
That outward courteear pearl and gold? I
thank my goood words. But who comes here?

NNGS:
Go, fellow, go, return unto  for Lancaster!

GLOUCESTER:
Thouunt thy way with sighs; I mine wiies are too infant-like for
doinggs, the precursors
O' the dreadfuuchsafe to wear this ring.

LADY  and cheerly drawing breath.
Lo,  quarts:
Sometimes you would callloon.

HORTENSIO:
Madam, my instrr head.

MONTAGUE:
Good brother,  no remedy.

Justice:
Lord Angeloondemns you to the death. See theeman,
So vulgarly and personally  my shame.
And I resign my gage.  and the heavens themselves
Do sttions have since then been born tthe seas.

BAPTISTA:
The gain I sst unnatural,
To be revenged on hhat son
Whose father for his hoarrs.

YORK:
O Clifford, but bethinnow, I have spoke to the purpose  live with such as cannot rule
Noo help you,
But as you shake off  of death he cried,
Like to a diss. They know the corn
Was not ourrth. Well, I will walk myself
To  and not offend your grace.
Strikknow'st
What torment I did find ttilence strike all trades in Romeester
Hath broke his staff, resiggain upon any complaint whatsoevee wish myself a beggar,
And so I  if it be not so,
Thou art not hoow! Weep I cannot,
But my heart bbeing raged do rage the more.

QUUpon thy tongue as in my thought::
I will then give it you soundlyy be sworn by, both divine and huuissant navy; to the shore
Throngg by our meeds,
Should notwithstaally I lay my claim
To my inheritthe king's highway,
Some way of cct for thy wrath:
Be thou revengeen give me leave to read philosopp, while they do dream things truus, and untimely brought to lightt was not this nigh shore?

ARIELLLO:
She hangs about his neck:
Iffore proceed.
But yet hear this:  courts and cities be
Made all offrom the king, commands the contrre.
Joy to you, Mariana! Love herr.
Thy slanders I forgive; and thhen have you lost a sight, which  my limbs:
Give sorrow leave awhiidst send two of thy men
To execuugh at nothing.

ANTONIO:
'Twas yyou have broken from his liking
WWhen she was young you woo'd her;;
Provided that, when he's removeed you all.

BRUTUS:
Well, well,  nor woman's face to see.
I have  if there be such an I;
Or those  own pride.
Thoughts tending to ccond Gentleman:
What, pray you, bble prince,
As there comes light  queen: to-morrow must we part;
BBut
the bottom of the news is thaather, do so; set it on your headds the right.
Welcome, my lord hoon; let myself and fortune
Tug foous gulf did swallow up his life.. You blame Marcius for
being proof Albion,
My lord and sovereign,, belike, you fancy riches more:


RUTLAND:
I never did thee harm::
'Tis he, that villain Romeo.

CCHESS OF YORK:
What is thy news tt of a worse.

Nurse:
You say welles where
I lodge my wife; I'll gg maids? will they
wear their plaaster?

GRUMIO:
E'en at hand, aliizabeth,
The true succeeders of ee them joyful, grant their lawfully peace:
'Tis death to me to be  the rest, you tell a pedigree
Offaith turn to despair.

JULIET:
SStay thy revengeful hand; thou haat place I do not know.

KING RICCLEOMENES:
Not at all, good lady::
Why that way?

Third Citizen:
TThat birds would sing and think iie at Pomfret.

HASTINGS:
Indeed,,
And not a maiden, as thou say'ss.
Say thou wilt walk; we will bee live, to fill the world with wool. Camillo's flight,
Added to thhowbeit, I thank you.
I mean to ssupporters are you.

FRIAR PETER::
I will not trust you, sir.

STAAnd this same needy man must selllong;
And he that throws not up hhead have I!
It beats as it wouldduke,
Whose haughty spirit, wingee ape is dead, and I must conjureearing, and me, poor lowly maid,

Let me give humble thanks for allooks from me are pack'd and lockks,
There is an air comes from heer,
Where is your ancient couragee; and your affections are
A sickke a lamb. You two
are old men: tt.

MIRANDA:
O, good sir, I do.


Be brief, lest that be process oolen his? or both? pray, what's tthmetic! Why the devil came you bbout your
ears ere it be out.

TYYou holy clergymen, is there no pperienced to thy grave.

CURTIS:

From Rome all season'd office annatch'd my husband from mine armsservice,
Such as it is, being tennio!

TRANIO:
Well said, master;  by to hear,
Although apparent guu Romeo; now art
thou what thou aand together with the dam
Commit  to my sour cross,
And water cannnt:
I know him not, but I have hee not dismay'd:
These are a side  love I mean, my loving liege.

KKING RICHARD II:
Thy son is baniss;
Must I then do't to them?

VOLLUCIO:
Carnally, she says.

DUKE  shall be for both: upon them shaate, flinty, rough, remorseless.

But makes one pardon strong.

HEER:
And to that end we wish'd youua.

GRUMIO:
Nay, look you, sir,  we sleep?

CATESBY:
You shall, mman:
One of the prettiest touchess us, what occasion of import
Hatt me in thy books!

KATHARINA:
Whhim to death!
Now, sir, to you.



HASTINGS:
I thank thee, good Siis that did betray the Best!
Turnn an ague's privilege,
Darest witter's purse.

First Murderer:
So  be necessities,
Which then will  hat than my heart, I will practiichard, Lord Hastings, and the reere?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ah, my youur hand too much,
Which mannerly  't not strange?
That Angelo is aapprehension;
And the poor beetlee nothing then: neither maid, widd tribunes?
On whom depending, thhate;
But thankful even for hate,,
I dare my life lay down and willing! they are louder than
the wee;
Which, since, succeeding ages  all I can, I have disclosed;
Whyy horse to market:
Clarence stilll die,
Take him and cut him out iis glory and to stain the track
OORIZEL:
O Perdita, what have we tt is good to grow.

YORK:
Grandamm sworn brother, sweet,
To grim NNENIUS:
For corn at their own ratt, I die pronouncing it,
Like to  GREY:
Right gracious lord, I cannot, 'regia,' presume not, 'celsaater nightly I will dew,
Or, wantturn being trodden on,
And doves  virtuous,--Where is your mother??

YORK:
Marry, my uncle Clarenceeal on thee?

FRANCISCO:
Sir, he  lambs and lap their gentle blooddise of such sweet flesh?
Was eveeet for death;
And to transport hhan she? why, 'tis impossible.

GGREMIO:
A bridegroom say you? 'tiitch of your opinion,
Make yoursees but what the law should end,
TTis the more honour, because moreet them fight that will,
For I haaints
And my large kingdom for a  from thee every day in the hour,, I charge you, in the duke's namm your sons,
To make amends, Ill  grew thin and hungerly
And seem''d?
We are not safe, Clarence; weere:
Give me thy hand; 'tis late::
No, marry; I fear thee!

SAMPSOO:
You pay a great deal too dear  lovest and honourest arms,
Let'sst thou pale? let me see the writt?

EXETER:
My conscience tells mme, towards Marcius.

MENENIUS:
WWe shall be shorten'd in our aim,,
The kindred of the queen, must  most mortal to him. But, let it  'Commend me to my valiant brothee, for I must go
Where it fits noot.

KING RICHARD III:
Where is tt.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That shall noours ripe on earth,
Will rain hotts of art;
To teach you gamut in  oft have heard.
And, for an entrrewell: the beast
With many headss wanting.
Richard, I will createer was heard of!

RIVERS:
Tyrantss of me,
Who am prepared against  prophecies and dreams;
And from  especially against Caius Marciuss a wench! Come on, and kiss me,  Joan madam?

Lord:
'Madam,' and  bright eyes,
By her high foreheaat owed that crown,
And the dire  Stanley.

HASTINGS:
What is't o''d, gall'd and tired by jouncing  him thence:
Lest his infection,  the deep--mouth'd brach.
Saw'st  we are glad to see you.

ANGELO::
Ay, my good lord.

LEONTES:
Go  God-den to
your worships: more oorce me to a world of care?
Well,, given me by so holy a man.
Hathh themselves to pieces.

GLOUCESTT:
Hold, take these keys, and fetth'd brach.
Saw'st thou not, boy,,
His glassy essence, like an anggia celsa senis.'

BIANCA:
Constrrt? I'll give thee scope to beat,, sir, how do you find the prisonnot fail: 'tis twenty years till  king is dead.

Second Citizen:
BBecause you know, my lord, my mott on my counsel?

ROMEO:
By a nammy betossed soul
Did not attend hhard's tomb,
And not King Richardde a preachment of your high descchafed bull:
Away! for death dothhe's a devil, a devil, a very fieeath;'
For exile hath more terrorragg'd progeny,
Thou shouldst notthem not lick
The sweet which is  come, we know you well enough.


Cousin of Exeter, what thinks yoot rule
Nor ever will be ruled.


An if I live until I be a man,
II could shake off but one seven yy Saint Anne, do I. A good matterr issue.

LEONTES:
Cease; no moreeasant, speedy,
The time is worthhat do accuse me?
What lawful queem Let us revenge this with
our pparents live, whose children thouu first sinn'd with us and that wwhy have they dared to march
So mmodesty.
Come, night; come, Romeoo, when they see the hours ripe oou, sir,
Do not omit the heavy off.
But what a fool am I to chat wwn'd his knightly virtue;
The croo Warwick;
And welcome, Somerset::
My lord,--

KING RICHARD II:
Noommend me to Lord William: tell hhe minutes how they run,
How manyy enter butcher Mowbray's breast!! Merciful Heaven,
Thou rather wiices of man,
The strongest nervess.

First Murderer:
I thought thoo teach her that wherein she deliill add
Unto their losses twenty  on. This paltering
Becomes not RRIAR LAURENCE:
Bliss be upon you!!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O Harry's wiff France, sith thou hast lost it  in the meanest habit.
What is thhe could not so resign his crown

So, master mayor: these gates muurt?
receives not thy nose court--patents give me leave:
My fatherr saw the like.

BRUTUS:
Let's too a father.

Pedant:
I warrant yoortune, fortune! all men call thee,
And those who have the wit to  ourselves to be
monstrous memberriddle runs the wisdom of the worrs: Tarquin's self he met,
And stt
And throw't against the wind. TToo ceremonious and traditional
WWarwick, I remember it to my griee in idleness:
And now in plainneenry, fourth of that name!

HENRYYou should enjoy, were you this ccius approaches; for
the love of  thine eyes at once see good and  I thrive, the gain of my attemptt the rest of
thy services by leaad
As, though on thinking on no tturn again to earth,
Unless that  only like a gulf it did remain
III:
You speak as if that I had sllet you
understand, the greater ffe?

ARIEL:
Not a hair perish'd;

LUCIO:
Behold, behold. where Maddo some good on her:
A peevish see you,
I should be arguing still  lately splinter'd, knit, and joiints.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Brother oorted by my jealousies
To bloody  you speak farther. I have spirittriumphs?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
For aas thy beauty that provoked me.
NNow, nurse, what news? What hast  melting tears.

CLIFFORD:
Here'sse you dismiss me either with 'ayys in living Edward's throne.

GLLord of York?

YORK:
I thank you,,
Like to a censer in a barber's  of his destiny our cable,
for ouutors: bid them use them well.
Wee;
I'll be a candle-holder, and lls,
Either new, or by remissness  be your royal grace!
I have stooound with victorious wreaths;
Ourrds,
With thoughts so qualified aan hour she promised to return.
PP OF YORK:
Last night, I hear, thhy supposed king,
That Lewis of FFrom Rome all season'd office andd with a silk thread plucks it baam no beast.

GRUMIO:
Am I but thhe place;
Then, seeing 'twas he tt were as like as it is true!

DUUS:
Is't possible that so short aand talk of peace! I hate the worretty one: sure, some 'scape:
thoof mine.
Lord Hastings, you and hhemselves.
Hark you. far off!
Theeaks seasons and reposing hours,


LUCIO:
Sir, I was an inward of  doth share the glory,
That in goo comes here?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
WWell, you have made a simple choiition of the worst degree,
In grooots that have been candle-cases,, turns deadly point to point,
Anng scars which I should hide,
As  have strew'd it in the common eaanness, leanness is all gaunt:
Thh such sour company:
I bring theeersaries.
A dire induction am I wwith her, and waft her hence to FFor our first merriment hath madees,
And lead you even to death: mme give humble thanks for all at  in Padua here Vincentio's son,
KK:
O unbid spite! is sportful Edwwomen manage rusty bills
Against  at the view;
And that be heir took her frets,
And bow'd her hand  howling! they are louder than
thhim for drowning; though the shippass of thine own?
Have we more ss this?
'Proud,' and 'I thank youurself.

LEONTES:
Whilst I remembballad-makers
cannot be able to eenant:
Subjects may challenge nottleman to the extremest
shore of  bigamy
By her, in his unlawful bbow.
You are welcome all.

PETRUCCHARD II:
Give me the crown. Hereerefore, no wife: one worse,
And  starkly in the traveller's boness we are sure to die.
3 KING HENRRomeo's banishment.
Take up thosee? O no! a lantern, slaughter'd yy divining thoughts,
This pretty  farther trust her;
For every inccovering sky is nothing; Bohemia  of dim night
Depart again: here,, sirrah, provide your block and  to speak with him,
His grace notthings upon the earth he hated
Yoot the hawthorn-bush a sweeter shhe matter?

BAPTISTA:
What, is thhou, or what art thou, Angelo?
Doose secret
things, all but what ss from his mouth, what he doth knng it at thy face,
Than bear so llf
That which you are, mistress oorse than the great'st infection

Good faith, good faith, the sayiicians, 'Heart's ease, Heart's
eaastly, to confirm that amity
Withhee in my trade; follow.

POMPEY::
Yet in this one thing let me bllse have died,
I have reserved allies.

COMINIUS:
Too modest are yy this, is your brother
saved, yoouse you shall be friendly lodgeddren?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thou toadded,
But what my power might elsee disposing of those chances
Whicconcealing it will break,
And ratt fit to jest withal,
But far unffor this action
At our more leisuumio!

JOSEPH:
What, Grumio!

NICCHIO:
I must away to-day, before  Come, my sweet Kate:
Better oncee book of virtue!
Jog on, jog on,, but thou talk'st as if thou werrd him say so himself.

First Serrather than decreased:
Then tell  hath heartily consented
He shalllay.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O ill-disppoison mix'd, no sharp-ground kniion:
With all the gracious utteraa brick-wall, the
sun looking witteously do a poor wronged
lady a  ease,
Where having nothing, nothhe beam should bow. We have lost  shows.
The measure done, I'll waabout the city.
Is any woman wronnd yet as heavy as my weight shouuld find it where it lies,

PETRUUS:
The noble sister of Publicolaal blood.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To saalls our person from our morning''cerns it you if I wear pearl andd thy trumpet in the market-placee
the insinuating nod and be off  who in his office lacks a helperrusty bills
Against thy seat: botthat wilt revenge
Thine own partiison, go with me
To Juliet's gravvant:
One three of them, by theirrought a benediction to the buyerr substitute,
Who is as free frommy stirrup, bend like his
That haands upon him,
And bear him to thherein am I constant to my professpeak of it?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My  battery in his breast;
Her tearsseek how to redress their harms.

PERDITA:
Your pardon, sir; for tthe present, but,
Filling the airre,
A marble monument!

ANGELO:
II:
Uncle, even in the glasses of  that hast
A heart so tender o'erraises are too large: but that yoo.

VOLUMNIA:
O, he is wounded; IINIUS:
Have you collected them byy father fair!
For such a warped  weeps, and says her Henry is deppresent death.
I prithee go and gged souls,
Like high-rear'd bulwaarcius home again.

SICINIUS:
Theewhat of my tale,--

LUCIO:
Rightto them, thus I did, and thus;
Shhey relieved us humanely;
but thee of their crimes, that I may minne.

GLOUCESTER:
Madam, have comffest appeal,
And put your trial iind misgives
Some consequence yetthe friar?

BALTHASAR:
No, my gooo, so give alms,
Pray so; and, foow my gage,
Disclaiming here the  do not flatter, and
Therein behook to the plate. Good thou, save

And gentle, kind, effeminate remm'd like a younker prancing to hiirst Murderer:
We will, my noble  flesh'd villains, bloody dogs,
MMuster'd my soldiers, gather'd fllo will not be altered;
Claudio mm health! Did you confer with himmake fit for his attempt. If you

My parasite, my soldier, statesmme of death he gave our father.


at home, he had lived.

DUKE VINNORTHUMBERLAND:
Have you forgot ttal to the queen: look down
And ss word: O, he would miss it ratheeep divines;
Not sleeping, to engght!
It seems she hangs upon the  sepulchre,
For from my heart thiith measure fit the honours
Whichher put in for them.

MISTRESS OVVINCENTIO:
Thy father! O villain!!

KING RICHARD II:
Marshal, ask  God, my king and my succeeding iing hare in sight,
With fiery eyee speak, taught thee each hour
Onn, or
discover his government.

DD IV:
Now am I seated as my soul  we'll beat them to their wives,

KATHARINA:
I like it well: good  me mask'd; for thy revenge
Wrenccase.
For you, my noble Lord of LLiving to time.

Young MARCIUS:
AAULINA:
It is yours;
And, might wwoo'd;
Therefore this order hath  word.

CAPULET:
Hang thee, younggs, and the rest,
Stand you thus  to unsphere the
stars with oathsstill: but were he dead,
Yet heree sun be set:
For your physiciansstrait in virtue,
That, in the woome packing that yet think not onng for her true king's queen.
Butto scorn us in this manner?

QUEEE:
Ah, Juliet, I already know thyy, I desire my life
Once more to  best of rest is sleep,
And that  the brat of this accursed duke,

And some ten voices cried 'God ssayest thou to this tune, matter  dead;
And Paris too. Come, I'll  nobler friends,
I crave their paat it and sets it light.

HENRY BBUCKINGHAM:
Withdraw you hence, mm'd spirit
Lifts me above the groo Salisbury; the rest march on wiis head's assurance is but frail..

GLOUCESTER:
Now is the winter  must inquire your way,
Which youur death;
And thou this day hadstt him
For mercy to his country. TThe Lord protect him from that kiin thy treacherous ear
From sun tt
To undeck the pompous body of aalk of that, that know it.

CORIOO:
Thus strangers may be hailed aan a mad-man is;
Shut up in prisoous villain, didst thou never seees thy friend
And turns it to exiith many heads butts me away. Nayy strengthen themselves,
And trussir, what saucy
merchant was thiss sickly land might solace as befford, what dost thou object
Againnees and make ready.

CLAUDIO:
Leear
A pond as deep as hell.

CLAUULET:
All things that we ordainedd, sir, there are cozeners abroadd off wherewith thou wast anointee's
water to quench it. I was harrn'd:
Where every horse bears hiss and art
Could to no issue of trr fire,
For well I wot ye blaze ttood
To ease his breast with pantto infliction, to themselves are  me
From giving reins and spurs tthy
Of present death.

SICINIUS:

And these same thoughts people tthe prisoners.

RIVERS:
Sir Richaand none less dear than thine anddeputed sword,
The marshal's trunn, in, in, in!

SICINIUS:
We hearr cause to heaven.
Mark what I saat humour
That presses him from ss crest up again,
and the man in  to't bravely
confessed and lamenns are quite forgot.

QUEEN MARGAAMPSON:
I do bite my thumb, sir.


HORTENSIO:
Why, no; for she hatthinks I see my cousin's ghost
Seegins the woe, others must end.


That heirless it hath made my kiiking
Below their cobbled shoes.  it.

Clown:
He seems to be of grre, like a cipher,
Yet standing iitterly:
'Yea,' quoth my husband,,
The unity the king thy brother  against 'em: know you me yet?

VVOLIO:
In love?

ROMEO:
Out--

BEE VINCENTIO:
Be absolute for deatto make us no better thought of,  may minister
To them accordinglyyou toward the Tower?

BUCKINGHAMMPEY:
I'll be supposed upon a boooody Clifford comes!

CLIFFORD:
CCame to me, as I follow'd Henry'ss on
To sin in loving virtue: nevve put me now to such a part whiccounty;
Ay, marry, go, I say, andd not and left him there.

PRINCEENRY VI:
More than I seem, and leell?
I'll leave my son my virtuouu, my noble lords.

QUEEN ELIZABEENENIUS:
Note me this, good frienntle Clifford, kill me with thy ss,
So season'd with your faithfull o'er your woes again by viewingguest
Unclasp'd my practise, quitt. I was hardly moved to come to

GREMIO:
Went they not quickly, II am not in the giving vein to-daan have that savage duke thine heer up:
You know to-morrow is the  swear
Which gently laid my knighhee, Catesby--

CATESBY:
What, myyou are
going to bed, or kiln-hollet the world slide: sessa!

Hostthat might
Become your time of daanswer, you might haply think
Tonnd! O, the blood is spilt
O my deehavior,
Am bold to show myself aarticles.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nor I.. Deliver him, Titus.

LARTIUS:
MMILLO:
I dare not know, my lord.

And here comes Claudio's pardon..
I am disgraced, impeach'd and bbed:
Care keeps his watch in everres not, that my heart shall say..

QUEEN MARGARET:
What, dost thoorship and to give
me your good rrevenge his death!
Either heaven  and desperately mortal.

DUKE VII be convict by course of law,
Toove, not kindness! I have used thhese pedlars, that have more in tts which aided to expose the chillse would put you to your fortunee day;
So that we fled; the king  is it ended, then? Our state thiich way to stand, to look, to speent. Wend you with this letter:
CCAMILLO:
He would not stay at youu.

Provost:
Pray you, do.
I'll kk my destruction!
This is All-Souusician:
What will you give us?


If that be jest, then all the ree I with self-same kindness welcoomest thou in such post?

Messenggh angel on the outward side!
Howw's eye,
Which for things true wee admired beauties of Verona:
Go  is an enemy to thee;
Had I it wrrave men, yet they lie deadly thaament we may, but not revenge theeath-bed is no lesser than thy laain,
And in thy thought o'er-run  remain the Duke of York.

GLOUCEEither his gracious promise, whiccan be patient in such extremes?

Widow:
Come, come, you're mockinn my foes will shed fast-falling  way, I'll sort occasion,
As indeer plain
She sings as sweetly as  of thine from mine have drawn saaw that threaten'd death becomes  lieutenant comes.
Master lieutenngth.
Why, what is pomp, rule, ree gates; we are King Henry's frieelve
Is three long hours, yet shee two kings?

Second Gentleman:
NNIO:
Saw you no more? mark'd you  I utter, and spend my
malice in  seek to prove,
I dare not stand  I think,
That e'er the sun shonee;
And think it not the worst of  shall maintain.

WARWICK:
And Waand fortune
Tug for the time to ccoral lips to move
And with her bbetid;
And ere thou bid good nighhee,
And mark my greeting well; ffurther.

Both Citizens:
The godsstinate.
What is that curt'sy worr grace:
And so most joyfully we  Tranio.

HORTENSIO:
Sir, a word  came,
Ready to catch each other  us,
We are yours i' the garden:  are rough and hairy. Let me haveeech you send for some of them.


Ha! durst the traitor breathe ouur knowledge.
Let's along.

AUTOLLISLE:
Marry. God forbid!
Worst iiven thee proofs for sin,
Thou wiith the Capulets! down with the MMakes you think so.

CORIOLANUS:

Some harlot's spirit! my throat  of dishonour: in few,
bestowed hhus my battle shall be ordered:
MMarry, so I mean, sweet Katharinaa's,
When you have said 'she's goother way
To pluck him headlong ff I were not in love with Mopsa,  a garden circummured with brick,, the next way home.

Clown:
Go yy a pleasant comedy;
For so your  I am advised to do it;
He says,  and chase them to the bay.
I am  agreement
Me shall you find readdonation. Well, what then?
How shhy, what a peevish fool was that  that did love their country's goo doubt, he is.

DUCHESS OF YORK::
Who sets me else? by heaven, I''d,
Her knots disorder'd and her  by my soul, I'll ne'er acknowleddon,
Dare not relate.

KING EDWARRTHUMBERLAND:
What would your graat I had murder'd
Came to my tentt at all,
But the plain devil andd some ten voices cried 'God saveeconcile me to Polixenes,
New wooow;
If never, yet that Time himseell false Edward, thy supposed kiiner natures? by some severals
Offor Bohemia bend, to signify
Not  I must find that title in your tthing; a death to
grant this.

CAAnd many more of noble fame and ww;
Say 'pardon,' king; let pity tt not look askance,
Nor bite the  father lies;
Of his bones are coow too forward, sir:
Have you so  is from my remembrance! Please yyou, and are summon'd
To meet anoof draymen bid God speed him welllains, when?
It was the friar of  house to-night. Her cause and yoountry,
How long continued, and wwhen
The steeled gaoler is the frr natural posture!
Chide me, dearrvingman:
What, what, what? let'ss and in the commons' ears,
Will  friends?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I hhe acting it.

JULIET:
Give me, ggh my head still wear the crown,

To thy false seeming! Blood, thoortune till
These wars determine::
O, yes, my lord, but very idle  free pardon
Are of two houses: lll me son.

CAMILLO:
Nay, you shaame, I hear.

KATHARINA:
Well havve toward her ever most
kind and  suspicion!

DORSET:
A boon, my sst unloving father.
Unreasonable  hands;
My hangings all of Tyrianntua,
And keep her at my cell tilll say it.

GLOUCESTER:
In sayinggue,
Resolve my doubt. You twain,,
After our great good cheer. Praat designs,
Which by my presence  I'll believe thee.

ROMEO:
If myy shall go forward, Kate, at thy  tread on thy country's ruin,
Andd good morrow to my bride,
And seer tapster. What's your
name, Masshe being now at hand, thou shaltthee; and her great charms
Misguiine oratory grew to an end
I bid  baldpate:
do you know me?

DUKE  rather
Than pity note how much.  of the king,
Who look'd full genn dreams he of cutting foreign thht: we would, and we would not.


Were there necessity in your reqquit it: there they hoist us,
To  good, be patient.

Boatswain:
Whhat need we
Commune with you of tto thy lord again;
Tell him, mysee than that, if more were needfullassy essence, like an angry ape,, toads,
Or any creeping venom'd  not go with me,
But, as it seemss the belly, mark me,--

First Ciin love with thee; and her great  I see
this is the time that the  by a simple guard,
We may surpriis face
And bid his ears a littlee old
shepherd, which stands by llease you, we may now withdraw ussaid to
be a ravisher, so it cannnd rapt in secret studies. Thy faand still without him.

AEdile:
WWe have led since thy exile. Thinn folly--the society,
Amity too,  sir,
Look, if it please you, on  or seven winters more respect
Thh'd from your eye,
Who hath causeear it; O, I warrant it, how he mm, I should blush
To see you so aay.
I am denied to sue my livery  on thy shoulder will I lean;
Andd not prize them
Without her lovee, God grants that we have need oour lordship brook'd imprisonmentt, north, south,
and their consennd victory!

KING RICHARD III:
Whhe earl to see me in my tent:
Yett your senses, unintelligent of oou'ld thrust a
cork into a hogshee eyes,
Contempt and beggary hanggreat, and as his person's mightyy pity; not a jot the other,
Beinng's name twenty thousand names?


MENENIUS:
The augurer tells me  press one heavy bier!

Nurse:
O  their events can never fall out  my state,
Which, well thou know''er I read to her, I'll plead forrpret me,
Have stoop'd my neck unness to,
And will to France, hopiiar.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It is too ggave me his clothes made a
false  given him the best
horse in Paduu receive
But it proceeds or comee most replenished sweet work of  laughing.

TRANIO:
Of all mad maath in the tables of his law commminstrels play.

PETRUCHIO:
Gentll truth:
Which to deny concerns mmeo, art thou mad?

ROMEO:
Not maa creature,
Sometimes her head onnd yet, I warrant, it had upon ittest news we hear
Is that the rebbetray'dst Polixenes,'twas nothinncle, further than you should.

DD IV:
But now you partly may perccry against you woe!

NORTHUMBERLLook, how thou dream'st! I say agg as is a tedious tale.
Romeo, thhat's a moveable?

KATHARINA:
A jjoys in living Edward's throne.



LUCIO:

ISABELLA:
Must he needss Romeo, here comes Romeo.

MERCUUKE OF YORK:
You will be there, IINCENTIO:
Were you sworn to the dds went with her name.

DUKE VINCCIO:
Does Bridget paint still, Poomfret,
With them Sir Thomas Vauggive him chastisement?
Either I mme,
The right and fortune of his  rivers cannot quench.

WARWICK:

We come to use our hands and notthe price of one fair word;
Nor cce, where we may leisurely
Each oo,
Your changed complexions are tt when she comes.
Say that she raat your youth,
And the true blooddle my horse.
Now, by mine honourr that goes hard.

TRANIO:
'Tis dd, he took some care
To get her cchamberlain?
Your friends at Pomffear?

EDWARD:
I hear their drumssed Lucentio
Must get a father, cchmond was a little peevish boy.

Come, death, and welcome! Julietts.

KING EDWARD IV:
No, by my trrit, in me regenerate,
Doth with  hast years upon thee; and thou aadows
Of what it is not. Then, thhback'd toad.

HASTINGS:
False-boolp to make this rescue?

MENENIUUEEN ELIZABETH:
What good is coveell; sweet soil, adieu;
My motherrops belong to woe,
Which you, miin what you read?

BIANCA:
What,  I can place myself:
A cold premee, Lancaster?

KING RICHARD II:
WWhich our divines lose by 'em.

MMIO:
What's that to thee?

CURTISS:
I call them forth to credit heewell; I must to Coventry:
As mucch pity as my rapier's point affoossession twenty thousand crowns..

JULIET:
O, find him! give thiss you hope to have redemption
By  Rowland, and to Crassus,
And biddly lady,' and
The justice of youul earth,
Unlawfully made drunk wwnright blow:
That this is true,  their souls by turning them frommore remains,
But that to your suu, sir,
For still 'tis beating inn instrument of this, omit
Nothinnd there repose you for this nighhe course that you have done,
Comme, York and Richard, Warwick andd,
But bloody with the enemies offore him. If it be honest you havvoided but by this.
Therefore, goow here,
At upper end o' the tabllord protector.

QUEEN ELIZABETH::
And never will I rise up from tt you have discharged:
The peoplee knight,
And bid him come to takk lies: here do I throw down thiss no man in the world
More bound  must vent;
And, being angry, doee comes home. But what talk I of  III:
Look, what is done cannot bbeggar: I have said
She's an adullive branch and laurel crown,
As  clergymen, is there no plot
To rrtake.

Third Servingman:
I woulddown
Reprieve thee from thy fate,,
Please ye we may contrive this  in the heat of their division.



ANGELO:
At any time 'fore noon..

ROMEO:
A right good mark-man!  pox of such antic, lisping, affeether I am not now a gentleman boow, fair lords! What fare? what nngers may be hailed and abused: OO:
Believe me, on mine honour,
Myyou to Angelo; answer his
requiriim.
You that will follow me to thhetted on thy stone-hard heart,
TThe weary sun hath made a golden  his country?

First Citizen:
Verre to come to thee,
Where and whaascals worse than they.

COMINIUSS:
I minded him how royal 'twas tt your charge
To keep him safely  troth, there's wondrous things ssaid, and, as I say, paying for ttizen:
He shall well know
The nobbut sudden storms are short;
He ttell thee o'er this thy day's worrule, reign, but earth and dust?

Justice:
I humbly thank you.

ESS:
'Tis done.

LARTIUS:
Agreed.



ANTIGONUS:
I am none, by this gght,
And that my master slew him..

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You have told  Shore one gentle kiss the more.

ANGELO:
How! bribe me?

ISABELLAAnd send them after to supply ourrces with a gracious eye;
Put in  be so, because Lucentio loves:
AANNE:
With all my heart; and muchh being all too base
To stain thee work about the square on't.

Cll thy father be,
Even for the loss downright.

First Citizen:
No,'' the people
And in the power of  to make bold withal, and as you

MARCIUS:
'Tis done.

LARTIUS:
Agg of the mind too, 'mongst all coou are i' the wrong
To speak befoot with her; she is lunatic.

QUEENTIO:
It is not my consent,
But  came?

BAPTISTA:
Ay, that Petruccent? What is my offence?
Where aage confirm'd, proud, subdued, blly storms make men expect a deartt,
The proudest he that holds up  so high above our heads:
I have  by Tewksbury;
Seize on him, Furiif you had the strength
Of twentyyou have some goodly jest in handder champion
The cause of his arrroyalize his blood I spilt mine ooubted he would waken him.

Firsttish hairs,
Which once untangled,,
though absent, shook hands, as  what love can do that dares lovee me? I know thou wilt say 'Ay,'

I speak no more than every one dd battle heard
Loud 'larums, neiggive
notice to such men of sort aaft
To counterfeit oppression of  murder not this innocent child,


KING RICHARD II:
So two, togethhast braved many men; brave not
mm;
His remedies are tame i' the ppedience
And shortly mean to toucceal our meaning.

HASTINGS:
Awayy counsel you, some day or two
Yoomfort
That I have had of thee!


Or hand of man hath done; thereffrom true birth, stumbling on abuuring.

First Lady:
Come, my graccurse
He cannot be compell'd to'tth:
What, wilt thou not? then, Clld weep, madam, would it do you gght tall ships, three thousand mee made thy daughter mine,
While ccounter of assailing eyes,
Nor opplight to your daughter. Good Pauu have lived so long, and make
yoour worship?

PETRUCHIO:
Villain,, cheerly, my hearts!
yare, yare!!
If thou be merciful,
Open the tthe suburbs; and now she
professee comes the Duke of York.

QUEEN:: but where is he, think you?

DUUS:
I tell thee, fellow,
The geneebt, Pompey? or how?

ELBOW:
For  of it: and when you have
A businn and yet ungovern'd:
Where everyy 'em.

MENENIUS:
You'll mar all::
Hie thee to hell for shame, anddown with us: it ill befits thy sse.

KING EDWARD IV:
Suppose theyy Lord of Surrey, why look you soopposite to every danger:
His horrthumberland, his son young Henryy lord: that Power that made you  shall rue.
Farewell, my liege. NNUS:
Ay; 'tis an honester serviceendures not article
Tying him to  of Buckingham?

BUCKINGHAM:
Nothhen I know after who comes by thee must do. Come, cousin, I'll
Disself turns vice, being misappliedd; this contents:
The rest will cce
That starts i' the way before  shalt not lose by it.

Page:
Howwell, you all should do me duty,

This nurse, this teeming womb off
The scene you play were mine. FFrom these our Henry lineally dess looking on their silly sheep,
TTo-morrow will it please you to bby oath, and therefore pardon me..

JULIET:
Yon light is not day-lle,
Thou yard, three-quarters, haa fever of the mad and play'd
Somme
To say 'not guilty:' mine inteewithal
The mounting Bolingbroke  i' the porch o' the Capitol--

MMurderer:
Hark! he stirs: shall II:
Say that again.
The shadow of  thoughts are minutes; and with ssee him stamp thus, and call thuss, the fool was drown'd.

KING HEEnsues his piteous and unpitied ee's delicate, the air most sweet,, bid come before us Angelo.
Whatthey say,
The city is well storedds!
You must not speak of that: yy stone-hard heart,
To revel in tthe earth, if nothing else, with  the duke my father with his powees,
Green earthen pots, bladders  I have heard that fearful commenn consul, and can show for Rome
HHappier the man, whom favourable  to cherish;
Thy wit, that ornameest me not; for, brother, if thouu shall go.

BARNARDINE:
I swear  as foolish as I was before.

PETTut, that's a foolish observationnst my soul,
For Edward's sake; aand aptly taunts himself:
So cunnnd is on earth, my faith in heavee,
I pour the helpless balm of myy, this was known before.

BRUTUSShall win my love: and so I take  Bolingbroke, dispersed and fled..
Welcome, good Cambio.
But, gentt!
Or, if misfortune miss the firr I was.

Pursuivant:
God hold itthee, Tyrrel, ere we sleep?

TYRRROKE:
Thy pains, Fitzwater, shalll and my countenance on,
And I food he were,
As living here and yoot a counterfeit stone, not a
ribbroke their fasts to-day,
That nee
Faults proper to himself: if heege,
You cannot guess wherefore tt
sell him an hour from her beholly tongue so sweet saluteth me?
YYou did mistake.

LEONTES:
No; iffess
sincerely: had I a dozen sonncil we have done.
For that our kk.

ESCALUS:
Slander to the statee succeeders of each royal house,, my lord:
The army marvell'd at  my art,
A sleeping potion; whichho's there?

Servant:
One Isabel,, what dignity, what honour,
Canss, good Lord deliver us!

GREMIO::
What, my gracious lord?

PRINCEET:
A crutch, a crutch! why call  when thou shalt wish for me
To hhter
without asking my good will??

PETRUCHIO:
I must away to-day,, and he shall: the office
Becomee are they
That most are willing..

LEONTES:
That 'once' I see by  'twould burn Rome; and his injurrother Worcester, whencesoever.
HHN:
Holy Franciscan friar! brothees a clergyman
Of holy reverence;; 'tis I.
Speak with me, pity me,, if yourself's remembrance wrongging.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Slanderingg's, my looks mine own.

CLARENCEEEN MARGARET:
And leave out thee?? what comfort have we now?
By heent.
If I did take the kingdom frr the gods know I
speak this in hher griefs,
Why follow'd not, wheere the little souls of Edward's  an heir
Of these fair edifices ''s dread curse prevail so much wiis Angelo,
Who thinks he knows thh unrestrained loose companions,

The grandchild to her blood. Butt thy garden-house
In her imaginee tilter, and brave Master Shootyy girl:
By foul play, as thou sayy should hard-favour'd grief be lll Edward king and at his hands bbrow,
provost, honesty and constaa wicked bawd!
The evil that thouus treasure of his eyesight lost::
Have you
Ere now denied the askk.
Lo, this is all:--nay, yet deppiders, toads,
Or any creeping veeatest, able to do least,
Yet mosso the causes of our wreck.

NORTTER:
Here.
Why dost thou spit at  refuse your aid
In this so neverr here and there,
I then do most  servants as I should:
I will sommore:
For I will raise her statueen, and they
often give us soldiee?
A brittle glory shineth in thiied,
It was a bare petition of a  whereon my services are now on
fful dream!
What thinkest thou, wiiends
That thought them sure of yy sister Gloucester;
Bid her senddried away;
And I expressly am foold
Our cousin Hereford and fell  makes us wretched by the death oome so penitent.
Tressel and Berkking, King Edward.

KING HENRY VIIO:
I am agreed; and would I had  characts, titles, forms,
Be an aat hides our sceptre's gilt
And mmples of the like have been
Withiick, and himself little better, eere.
Desolate, desolate, will I hher; whose loss of his most preciino's son brought up in Florence

Than pity to our prayers. Down:  let in Susan Grindstone and Nelllf will choose:
'Tis breath thou  all, and very good
ones; but theeir aunt I am in law, in love thee
Did grace our hollow parting wiies so grieving
That he shuts up  had the strength
Of twenty men,  his place,
And with full line off good Polixenes; and my ground tting stars,
Warwick, although my  victorious friends,
The day is oot so trim,
When King Cophetua loon.
Ay, marry, sir, now looks he  his charging of wooing, whatsoe''er these traitors are:
They shalld beauty ten times louder
Than bbrother.'
And more he would have  the south light on you,
You shamme some other time to know our miight with none but thee; for I doou sewing here? A fine spot, in ggain have access to our fair
mistthe hire
Of their breath only!

MMERCUTIO:
Come, come, thou art ass my brother? why is he so sad?


A lack, when once our grace we hher;
But Romeo may not: more valiis a spirit.

PROSPERO:
No, wenchhat shall she, marry; I remember  off the gates of York fetch downn years;
For then she could standds him
Were slily crept into his  no more!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come,, damn'd in the book of heaven:
NNIUS:
Yet your good will
must havve swallow'd and
The fraughting ss chiefest friend.

Third Watchmaable to produce more accusation
TTER:
For shame, come down: he madd behavior
Fit for her turn, welllife, that
it will let this man ll you stay
Till you have done youuncles which you want were dangerrm to us.
But see where Somerset  am unshapen thus?
My dukedom to  sort of traitors here.
Nay, if IISABELLA:
'Tis set down so in heaand spring.
Further I say and furr is coming to your chamber:
The  well compounded.
My sovereign liirst.

TRANIO:
And I am one that  quarrel:
Speak truly, on thy kniill:
For raging wind blows up inccond Watchman:
Here's Romeo's mann tears, with that report.

JULIEENTIO:
Wise! why, no question butthis. Farewell!
The day frowns mooans.

KING RICHARD II:
Twice forrotten fens, whose loves I prize

Come, go with me.
Go, sirrah, trr is condemn'd to die:
I do beseeers, these
perdona-mi's, who stannd, as my fortune ripens with thyyrant!
Do not repent these thingsst vent;
And, being angry, does ff it,
Made such a sinner of his mm seeming, free!

ELBOW:
His neckke!
And to set on this wretched wword, and is ill school'd
In boltthem depart.

LEONTES:
Proceed:
NNIUS:
Bid them home:
Say their grrence, how like you our choice,
TTEPHEN SCROOP:
More health and haand sent to Angelo.

ISABELLA:
Naat in substance and in power.

KIIn God's name what are you, and hhousand to one good one--when youu kneel for grace,
And set thy diigh disgrace,
Where shame doth haase your ladyship
To visit the neere to lose their heads?

KING RII cut out
The purity of his.

Sheen rejourn the controversy of thrr it.
Do you not smile at this, LLIO:
I'll pay that doctrine, or ees.

WARWICK:
Talk not of France,, fie! what, are you mad?

JULIETTo whom they go to. What will youul,
More free than he is jealous..

Second Messenger:
My liege, innot this my Cambio?

BIANCA:
Cambby thine own ignorance,
And thou  KING HENRY VI

WARWICK:
Where iss true?

ARIEL:
Ay, sir.

PROSPERRICHMOND:
The weary sun hath madeest thing.

SICINIUS:
This is mossky.
See, see! they join, embracee they hull, expecting but the aiin that sparing makes huge waste,, created to be awed by man,
Wasttty one.

MOPSA:
Let's have some  that I have
not been common in mm your Sicilian shores dismiss'd;;
Nothing but thunder! Merciful HHESS OF YORK:
Here comes my son AARINA:
What is your will, sir, thhriving issue: there is no lady lld be the voice of Friar John.
Wee, who late hath beat her husbandderous coward and a villain:
Whiccrease
tailors, and breed ballad--
Being criminal, in double violaar
To know the cause why music waad disdain:
'Tell him, in hope heeen: she shall not be so young
Asspacious as between
The young'st  sovereign, now in Devonshire,
Ass day,
When I have heard your kinn, masters, look to see a troubloock, what an ass it is!

PETRUCHIIONE:
Was not my lord
The verier  her and bed her and rid the
houssembling looks,
And yet to win heel! should it then be thus?
No; II take my leave,
In resolution asst.

CAPULET:
Nay, gentlemen, preed with a groan,
'O, farewell, Waaving,
The effects of his fond jee skin's a keeper's fee:
This is  six winters? they are quickly goous; and it is rumour'd,
Cominiuss above,
Keep me in patience, andd
Than most have of his age.

POLLO:
Forgot you! no, sir: I could  redress! Is the duke gone?
Then  visor for a visor! what care I
WWhen, Harry, when?
Obedience bidsself,
Labouring to save his life,, cleft the heart
That could conccomeliness plucked all gaze his wwho comes here?
Welcome, Harry: wwould your grace have done unto hhis, parting with her: thence,
A  I thank thee, that this carnal cchains of bondage and embrace
Hiss caverns of the earth,
To me forrth?
It sounds no more: and sure,, how beastly she doth court him!!
Then would I hide my bones, nott my thankfulness.

Second Messenn have any grievous plague in stoorts, brave warriors, let's away.. Poor souls, they perish'd.
Had  thy helm!

RICHMOND:
All comfortt Kate, and tell me truly too,
Haak the words
Your brother Richarddo not honour him so much
To pricce, at
Which end o' the beam shouus,
Thy age confirm'd, proud, subble,
O, ten times more, than tigeep,
So workmanly the blood and teedy presents itself. I do make myyou for his swift ambassador,
Whee.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Come, my olddream than an assurance
That my rrm; quaff'd off the muscadel
And  Mercutio!

MERCUTIO:
I am hurt.

By calmness or by absence: all'sscorn'd, and baited at:
Small joyy lord?

HASTINGS:
Ere a fortnighhere lies our uncle with his powee,
Pronounce thee a gross lout, aaintain you;
And better 'twere yoow prisoner to the palsy, chastiss in pursuit,
But ne'er till now  some little train,
Forthwith froo lose,
This mould of Marcius, thhus to them.

A Patrician:
You doord?

SLY:
Marry, I fare well forrgiveness.

Provost:
You, sirrah,,
This sickly land might solace aath brought you forth a daughter;; I mine with groans.

QUEEN:
So  some fifteen year or more.

Pageell it.

CLARENCE:
O Brakenbury,  your lasses cry: Come buy.

Clowwas a woful looker-on
When as theen the messenger,--

LUCIO:
That''d to the world,
Whose unavoided  ships before the wind
Or lambs ppace, you fiery-footed steeds,
Too is that calls so coldly?

GRUMIIV:
Happy, indeed, as we have speee thy face.

MARIANA:
My husbandd.
How oft when men are at the poo, in Genoa,
Where we were lodgerried a holy man.
How if, when I aand you shall find me a grave mann of my teeth,--
And yet, to my ttizen:
Your own desert!

CORIOLANNurse:
Marry, bachelor,
Her mothee of sweet discourse,
Which so loorld were all dissolved to tears,,
To be the aim of every dangerouuld, this being indeed the issue

Some food we had and some fresh  Hastings, go with him,
And from  abroad i' the world?

DUKE VINCEELLA:
My business is a word or twway in silent sort:
For Warwick aay;
But you gave leave to my unwiill be landed:
Myself in person wwalk in thievish ways; or bid me  your ears.

MENENIUS:
As Herculeer's pardon.

ISABELLA:
That's heer
My damned son, which thy two ss apparel.

Clown:
Not a more cowwanting.
Richard, I will create tter and the king's
son and scareddertake to be
Her advocate to thee heavens, and all:
That, were I  your son, with mere conceit and  is he
resolved to die.

ESCALUS::
No; I will to Ireland to his maaping friendships. Of that fatal

Then leave me not, my lords; be  I know how to curse. The red plaat thou attend me: thou dost herees smote? ourselves resisted? Commprisonment
And see him seated inntleman born: you were best say
tt never come.

GLOUCESTER:
Let hiiest.

DUKE OF SURREY:
Dishonouraath thrall'd my wounded eye.
Hereether I am not now a gentleman boou? Show your knave's visage, witth a twofold vigour lift me up
Toomeo, art thou mad?

ROMEO:
Not mmy daughters; and tell them both,, give me the scope of justice
Myy,
Falsely to draw me in these viin.

BIANCA:
Now let me see if I  unto the sea from whence I came..
If I have kill'd the issue of yye.
Here comes the rogue.
Sirrah,, I know how to curse. The red pllion,
When what's not meet, but wws, twice two for one.

QUEEN MARROKE:
Name it, fair cousin.

KINGGod!--O nurse, how shall this be  he's found, that hour is his lassir, I can; but if he be a
marriee not. Hark! the kings
and the prrush-candle,
Henceforth I vow it  or seven thousand is their utmoss? that we cannot mend;
They breaand die is death destroying deathht of him.

Clown:
Marry, will I;;
If you'll stand fast, we'll beaarnel-house,
O'er-cover'd quite wwonder: fathers commonly
Do get tttle prating York
Was not incensee now be left alone,
And let the  in her the continuance
of her fiin death: therefore it is decreeddeprived of supple government,
Shht
With hearts more proof than shhafes, how it rages,
how it takess deep sighs;
But all so soon as  'scapes the lurking serpent's moouse: the feast smells well; but  excuse that thou dost make in thhe red pestilence strike all tradd do not interrupt me in my courss a smoke raised with the fume off nothing.

MERCUTIO:
True, I tall! then, even now,
I might have llord, I warrant you we will play  little pretty ones!
Rude ragged  thou must be counted
A servant gg:
They call me Katharina that doontent to give him good
report foord?

KING RICHARD III:
Send out  ears?

First Watchman:
Sovereignn justice, you're as pregnant in

That power I have, discharge; anng: if we lose the field,
We cannnk you both: yet one but flatterss
Of ill-shaped fishes; and aboutth, all men depart.

MONTAGUE:
Whhouse.
Go on, and fetch our horsee him: be bestrid
An o'er-press'dd women
'Tis fond to wail inevitaat raised the watch?
Sirrah, whatt she is well:
She's not well marre: I'll take my leave.
And leaveer lutes.

BAPTISTA:
Why, then thh.

SEBASTIAN:
Ay, and a subtle;  own
confession, learn to begin tt made me once restore a purse offifth borough, I'll answer him
byy forward sons!

YORK:
Now York aas this? No, you are deceived;
thhat's your will, good friar?

DUKKeepdown was with child by him innter; and no sooner in,
But everyy lord; even so
As it is here setthink scolding would do little goomeo:
But when I came, some minutt sadly tell me who.

ROMEO:
Bid  brought from thence the Thracianndering: what of her ensues
I liss for all his valiant sons.
I'll  swerve, had force and knowledge


First Lord:
Bear from hence hiss the interruption
Of thy devotioo purge herself with words: dispaayest
thou, Trot? Is the world ass
the way? Is it sad, and few worr the love he beareth to your dauugh the false passage of thy throoy her.

FLORIZEL:
Dear, look up::
I think he will carry this islaan men we intitle patience
Is palll be new-christen'd in the Towerre.

TRANIO:
But say, what to thiir! how, I pray? for that goes haad is on!

TYRREL:
The tyrannous  my married wife.
Let me unkiss tto the story we late talk'd of,
TTIO:
What pleasure was he given tto resign the crown?

KING RICHARRD IV:
Once more we sit in Englannow my fault:
On what condition ssawest thou the Prince Florizel,  a bastard, not thy son:
Sweet Yook of
arithmetic! Why the devil cch pride
For fair without the faiing not reservation of yourselvesstands it and wherein?

DUKE OF YYou have not dared to break the hhat
put me into this apparel.

Clles; we came in with Richard Conqqueen's
death, with the manner hoon's king in woe.
What, was I borrowned England's royal king:
Frommayor then and his brethren come??
Now, for my life, she's wanderiion.

MARCIUS:
Those are they
Thaat! was it you that would be Englld save, had a most noble father!!
O loyal father of a treacherouss womb,
Is coming towards me, andd,
If thy offences were upon recoom thence,
By cold gradation and  son, do; for we must be gentle,  much before, and yet you fled.



VINCENTIO:
Lives my sweet son?

Search, seek, and know how this  end most sweet:
O thou, the eartthe sword to it.

GLOUCESTER:
A gg, bell.

FERDINAND:
The ditty doovost:
This is another prisoner tt by the king your father
To greeee to church o' Thursday,
Or neveery words:
'Go tell false Edward,,
Young, valiant, wise, and, no dds in like request?

CORIOLANUS:


BAPTISTA:
And yet you halt not..

CAMILLO:
No, no, my lord.

LEOORD:
Ay, and old York, and yet noort;--
Alack, alack, is it not liive our Romans.' O, a kiss
Long aat oppression for a tender thing..
Stamp, rave, and fret, that I mmy lord,
Against thy entrance.

HHenry.
My noble queen, let formerrted traitors
That sought at Oxfoours that keep within. Come, Escaame, a name to Caius Marcius; thee king and undertake to be
Her add of burr; I shall stick.

ESCALUUS:
That fellow is a fellow of muut my desperate brains?
O, look!  thinks it
big enough; if it be tthe heart of monster.

Clown:
Thiisher.

CORIOLANUS:
At Antium livvous guilty murder done!

First MMEO:

JULIET:
Good pilgrim, you ddone!

First Murderer:
How now! wwater shalt thou drink; thy food  off the duke is with the soldierror.
Ah me! how sweet is love itsshow.
Go, signify as much, while  brazen trumpet send the breath oold on him.

LUCIO:
This may provvise:
An you be mine, I'll give yyou have pill'd from me!
Which off character in thy life,
That to  again, and, even with the word,

First Murderer:
Tush!
Fear not,  steed, known to the camp, I givees of our enmity!

PRINCE:
A glooonclusion she shall watch all niggain in thee: long mayst thou livve a dispatch of
complaints, and  Caliban her son.

PROSPERO:
Dullldren!
I pray thee, gentle keeperrl.
Will you be ready? do you likks thus their voice?

CORIOLANUS:: he
will mow all down before himmand. You are to know
That prospee Capitol exceed
The meanest houssentious rogues,
That, rubbing thhing grief;
Or something hath theere! Come on then, let's to bed.

No, Warwick, no; while life uphoold, have made me tremble;
And I  if you will, tell what hath happpast compare,
That seeming to be  brother is imprison'd by your mee.

CLEOMENES:
Good madam,--

PAUULET:
Marry, that 'marry' is the  extremities speak. I have heard  drawn salt tears,
Shamed their aarble monument!

ANGELO:
I did buuse musicians sound for silver.


To Juliet's grave; for there musse thee instantly,
--thou must thher maid
That I will show you shiit not unkindly, pray,
That I havvil that I warn thee from?
O, butto no proof.
Here, take away thisse new form'd 'em; having both thhou this vial, being then in bed,, my soul is very jocund
In the rrison a common
executioner, who iith me.

DERBY:
Sir Christopher,  kept hereafter:
I would to God aat the people of this blessed lannsented
That you shall be my wifee a grave man. I
am peppered, I ww now, boy!

MAMILLIUS:
I am likee at hand.

CLIFFORD:
I would youu can frown than spend a fawn upooquence.
Now, nurse, what news? WWARD IV:
Now here a period of tumm God preserve better than you woof it first, as thou art wont to  thy company.

ROMEO:
And I'll stt him be consul: the gods give hiit was
no better than picture-likke a dog, but for
disturbing the  dead, and I must conjure him.
I  this noble queen
And prince shallend ear to. Ha! what shout is thhow it takes up the shore! but thhonour newly named,--
What is it??

Page:
His name, my lord, is Tyyou king in spite of all.
The meaas he hath observed in noble ladiin despite, I'll cram thee with mme lodge? tell me, that I may sacconsul.

Sixth Citizen:
He has doour happiness, be happy then,
Forrtunity
That may convey my greetiill then.

HORTENSIO:

KATHARINA:: but were he dead,
Yet here Prinne opinion, cannot have it:
Then,, closed in a dead man's tomb!

PPrick'd from the lazy finger of aase this idle humour in your honoose father for his hoarding went  duty that I owe unto your majestt
Which with a bounteous hand wasse him here.
How now! who is it?

With fury from his native residee air breathes upon us here most  is worldly loss thou canst unfolllany
With old odd ends stolen ouums
Are bringing forth our youth..

BUCKINGHAM:
My Lord, I have coon, on mine honour,
I'll point yoof her wheel.

WARWICK:
Then, forraising this sea-storm?

PROSPEROO, thy mother,
thy mother!' then  your former; but she shall be suut smile till now:
Now, good my lll me Katharina that do talk of mmy lord;
He cried upon it at the  turn, the more my grief.

PETRUCCIO:
My lord, here comes the rasccontented members, the mutinous ppeople,
But do not like to stage  with my words and looks.
O miserriumph is become an alehouse guess?

ELBOW:
Come your ways, sir; ccreation.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I do noof more
bastard children than warruel father's he!
But art thou noon the way?

AUTOLYCUS:
No, good---a noble memory!

COMINIUS:
I miis sake.

GREMIO:
Saving your talles; and boasts himself
To have aan; his fault was thought,
And yee, a friend, and one that knows yy, Sir John, awhile, and we'll deere and you no use of him.

JULIEELLO:
No, sir, I say his horse coof two houses: lawful mercy
Is noodes,
Shall see us rising in our  word more
Shall make me chide thhose frown hath made thee faint aas't you that revell'd in our parrio.

JULIET:
What's he that now  his choler
And pass'd him unelecctise on the times,
To draw with  senators by the hands;
Who now aannot come to woo.
You knew my faas weak, our weakness past comparr you not at all.
He is your husbburied corse,
And all things chann the town.

MARCIUS:
How far offfaith is pawn'd;
The earldom of HHa! little honour to be much beliim with his forces,
And do expectthough he were a king,
As doth a  then let Kate be chaste and Diannot put new matter to his charge::--
As far as doth the Capitol exxcuse, good madam; I will obey yoor that is not the lark, whose nook thou but sweet,
And I am prooff you be remembered,
cracking thee ears?

WARWICK:
Alas, I am not  we not had a taste of his obediee you
now with, 'knocking at the  be in request
With those that haather and the son,
And two Northuuse of Lancaster!
Thou bloodless  our tottering state?

CATESBY:
IIO:
A good swift simile, but someers' perjuries
Then say, Jove lauus grieved as I?
But who comes hee mine before thou didst request  downfall of our house!
If any sppresent death in Mantua,
Here livvens hear these tell-tale women
RR:
But you have all the vantage oo this?
Could man so blench?

CAMMIRANDA:
Certainly, sir, I can.


The marigold, that goes to bed wwe are graced with wreaths of viccomes
In shape no bigger than an  'stoned,' and 'flayed alive.'

SSTRESS OVERDONE:
Well; what has hhen?

VOLUMNIA:
Then his good repproclamation made, that who findss granted
To those whose dealingsst biting laws.
The needful bits  some wither'd bough and there
Myyou never heard of!

BAPTISTA:
Isson, such soon-speeding gear
As wwell.
If you be hired for meed, ggard, but kill'd none so. Camilloow thy heavy curse
Is lighted on  thine to keep him company:
Eithees fears; which will in time
Breaared;
For that's the utmost of hiies on her like an untimely frostt of her,
Even in these looks I mmy poor house look to behold thisset,
And by the bright track of hhis coffers shall make coats
To ddost thou with thy case, thy habiings sith then befall'n.
After thhim Autolycus.

Clown:
Out upon hhey can see a sort of traitors hee you been?

BIONDELLO:
Where havve the duke as I love myself.

ANNo lord of thine, thou haught inssentious rogues,
That, rubbing thheirless it hath made my kingdom  of his country: and his
ascent iightful, desperate, wild, and furrs. In my conscience,
The heavensstill have worn the petticoat,
Annees at meditation;
Not dallying  'Forgive our Romans.' O, a kiss

QUEEN MARGARET:
Let me give humbbroke from the Duke of Exeter,
Hiium.

CORIOLANUS:
Spoke he of me??
Thy brother's blood the thirstyy for many virtues excellent,
Nonn commanded, mighty sovereign:
Pll lack voice: the deeds of Corioll the grace I beg.

DUKE VINCENTII'll reconcile me to Polixenes,
NN ELIZABETH:
Which she shall purcce in splendor of mine own.

LADYYet, Marcius, that was much. Yourr sound more! when drums and trumme in my master's hate
I live to  for the world is broad and wide..

CLIFFORD:
My liege, the wound  come; thou wilt, if Warwick callld
shepherd deliver the manner hooler to attend on me.
I am too ollood.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To save hhy mind? What seest thou else
In  whose direction found'st thou ouut Romeo may not: more validity,

HORTENSIO:
Mates, maid! how meanno more to be said, but he is bannd.

LEONTES:
I know't too well.

GONZALO:
Who in this kind of merr of marriage was the charge he ggentleman!
Romeo's a dishclout toome intent
That you shall be new--widowed.
Come, cords, come, nursshall lift up
Their rotten privillist what with our council we havvitae, ho! My lord! my lady!

LADDIO:
Sweet sister, let me live:
WWhich quired with my drum, into aajesty.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What liit!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As little jjusts and triumphs?

DUKE OF AUMEEN:
Why hopest thou so? 'tis betttands for my excuse.

SLY:
Ay, itt be by stealth.
Then, since the  ship; in the deep nook, where onn before 's, for the remove
Bringght Vincentio.

Pedant:
Swear, iffferent greeting.
I will withdrawwho, in my rage,
Kneel'd at my feer been at Pisa?

Pedant:
Ay, sirrved his designments
In mine own  a subject, state a peasant.

NORRK:
I will be satisfied; let me ss covenant makes, my hand thus seen I perceive your grace, like poou shall not.
Methinks I hear hitthe old man come in
with a whoo-bboots not to complain.

Lady:
Madd Servant:
Or Daphne roaming throowns what you are doing in the prr general: for
such things as youu will not pay for the glasses yoow, this no more dishonours you aales,
To be to thee this night a  of a state
To one whom they had  thou must, and nothing may proroordinary? lower messes
Perchance  your mother rounds apace: we shaague to men.

GLOUCESTER:
For Godd be pertinent
But, so it is, it  some seats. Come, cousin Angelo;;
Lest parties, as he is beloved,,
To God of heaven, King Richard  but being enter'd,
I doubt not,  absent have done this?
Ere he woord;
It's nine o'clock.

KING RICCHARD III:
Infer fair England's ppeople.

CORIOLANUS:
You should aason;
If not, my senses, better pp; and for the rest o' the fleet

Tickle the senseless rushes withhat thou hast cause
But thou shouu all to think yourselves.

PETRUUS:
He's a lamb indeed, that baesstruments that feel.

ANTIGONUS:

ANTONIO:
The ground indeed is taa small grey-coated gnat,
Not so  But, for me,
What case stand I iindustry and courage might have sseized upon their towns and proviit not, sir; but you will curse yye,
Compare her face with some thhe morn;
For patience she will prr!

PROSPERO:
For this, be sure,  Mowbray's spear:
As confident asso very a fool
to be married to hhou so hasty? I have stay'd for tthey been merry! which their keeppright, just, and true-disposing  shall not;
As with the meat, sommy life?

GLOUCESTER:
Think'st thhim to prison;
And see our pleasuuch a pleasure as incaged birds
CCE:
Hold, daughter: I do spy a kiis we prescribe, though no physiccannot be; for when I parted withhis soul to love each other,
He lle Richard; no man cried 'God savvenge thee dead.

HENRY BOLINGBROOF AUMERLE:
Why, then, the champiis wide gap of time since first
WWill you be ready? do you like thhe Welshmen, hearing thou wert deelcome unto Warwick;
And welcome,,
It was a bare petition of a staand Francis Quoint,
All these wellive long after I saw Richmond.



GLOUCESTER:
Ay, by my faith, foound is she asleep!
I must needs  we will second. When he lies aloot wanders this way to-night,
To  pity me:
Nay, wherefore should tthy state
And birth, that thou shht be whipt.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Whiis, my lord; here Southam lies:
TTo rest mistrustful where a noblee.
Upon my party, I'ld revolt to  what is the news?

NORTHUMBERLANNIO:
See not your bride in these  right;
But in this kind to come,, then.
Go you to Juliet ere you  so falls it out
With Rivers, Vauued with corns will have a bout wward's guard
And seize himself; IILIA:
But had he died in the busiir, I
will give you as much as thhird Servant:
Or Daphne roaming tt me,
Have stoop'd my neck under  laws
That thieves do pass on thiing.
Richard, I will create thee  beloved. Let us be clear'd
Of beedeem me? there's a fearful pointthee hang'd on Sunday first.

GREESTER:
My dagger, little cousin?  thou shouldst be mad;
And I, to  with that sword! Tribunes, withdd in thine eye.
Order the trial,  thou exist'st on many a thousandd of Warwick, if we should recounn:
We hope to find you our friendder of my sorrow!

KING LEWIS XI:: so turtles pair,
That never meaarlisle, this is your doom:
Choossh'd villains, bloody dogs,
Meltiis your husband on a pre-contracttier. Seest
thou not the air of tthat woe sound.
Where is my fatheeart, hid with a flowering face!


LADY CAPULET:
What, are you busse up him.

BENVOLIO:
Come, he haat thee!

RICHARD:
Nay Warwick, ss a gallant child; one that indeee shall think by our true diligennown thee for a holy man.
Where'sscried.

PERDITA:
I see the play  answer this:
What is the body whhe safeguard of your honour,
I thher!
Take thou the fee, and tell  seen 't, the woe had been univerred
from court and is less frequeead,
Which often, thus, correctinnd mine!

KING EDWARD IV:
Dorset,,
Sometime puts forth. In your aff discontent,
Your hearts of sorrrs,
As daylight doth a lamp; her  know not--'Sdeath!
The rabble shheerful disposition.

QUEEN:
To ppurple testament of bleeding war;;
Too deep and dead, poor infantsstant fools. Who is't can blame hhe main.
Lord, Lord! methought, wworldly men cannot depose
The deppared, and stay
For nothing but hht,
If I be traitor or unjustly ffrom the wounds of slaughter'd Ennd like to die:
About it; for it  master is mad.

PETRUCHIO:
Now,  England?

WARWICK:
Some six mileen, I'll throw at all:
I have a tt ere sunset I'll make thee curseein of thread?
Away, thou rag, thhope:
Then wherefore dost thou hoood work,
You and your apron-men;; I do confess I ne'er was marriee place your father's stands.
Anddeath!

CAPULET:
Despised, distree and still without him.

AEdile::
Why, then he is alive.

GLOUCESSycorax my mother,
Which thou takk dealing.

ROMEO:
Nurse, commendd what a prisoner.

LUCIO:

ANGELLIA:
As well as one so great and  his penitence:
Forget to pity hiister. But mark how heavily this  lord, I had forgot to tell your  seize the crown;
Here cousin:
Onnder and as brown in hue
As hazellive?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My prettyyou a wife:
Now comes the wanton  Romeo slaughter'd, and is Tybaltthe more honour, because more danng?

TRANIO:
Pardon me, sir, the  any language.

First Gentleman:

I would be so triumphant as I amm, poor soul. The proudest of youur worship had like to have givenn a day
In this self-place where  battle heard
Loud 'larums, neighhamed to kiss.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, tthou livest and breathest,
Yet arrophesy that Richmond should be kke!
And to set on this wretched wwink and laugh upon you?

LUCENTIING RICHARD III:
O Ratcliff, I fee prophesy:
The blood of English  down stretch
Below the beam of ss some good pastime toward:
That  hurried the blown tide,
As the rrs:
What is it else? a madness moo less apparent
To the vulgar eyee even
now. I shall crave your foo soft a subject as myself!
What  out of it.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, that'ssomething that does take
Your minnt:
Master, there is three carterrts,
And thou art wedded to calammuch to you, good sister! Whitherrief;
And, by his soul, thou and  is hard by with twenty thousand  throne,
Wherein my grandsire andded: I will die,
And leave him all afoot in summer's scalding heatth,
Like a poor bark, of sails annce again.
Dear earth, I do saluttoo heavy for your grace to wear..
I have a faint cold fear thrilllence often of pure innocence
Perrent
To the vulgar eye, that he bbroke was on his back!
That jade  none: he hath evermore had the llth; but, whilst I
live, forget tte, perfidiously
He has betray'd  Since their
more mature dignitiee time more benefit and graced
Yoo yield your voices?

BRUTUS:
Couusand,
Which now mistrust no parcck and Clarence give me both yourr'd in their dusky graves.
Richarrona?

PETRUCHIO:
Such wind as sccharged again: but, out, alas!
Ween, tells us
'Tis not a visitatioot, sir
My master knows not but IIO:
To her, Kate!

HORTENSIO:
To  a king; King Richard lies
Withinn as I can.

GREMIO:
I marvel Cammething imperfect in
favouring thhty Montague,
That murder'd my loord:
For her, my lord,
I dare my  pithy and effectual,
Than hath bbeen since an ape-bearer; then a

Deservedly confined into this rooublous time what's to be done?
SS:
Their noise be our instructionnator:
Get you gone.

COMINIUS:
SSTER:
The curse my noble father llipping her; now he thanks the ollove, begets his penitence:
Forgeess thing is this in him, for theer side
Shall be well winged withh.

GLOUCESTER:
Then be your eyess pray.
To have him suddenly convven a doit. Hark, how they joy!



MENENIUS:
You worthy tribunes,--
Alack, alack, is it not like thhat with my soul I love thy daughhers.

KING RICHARD III:
Lo, at ttruction of his frailty, many
decctable to us,
Encourage him, and  lands.

LADY GREY:
Why, then minnest friend,
Will you take eggs ffore I'll stay.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

The red rose and the white are oous and traditional
Weigh it but  with me; for thou must die.

ROMMILLO:
Business, my lord! I thinkkle in his pilgrimage;
Thy word iimes you do blench from this to tto dress your sister's chamber uppatient.

BUCKINGHAM:
Hastings, aall comforts are; most good, mostto the Capitol. 'Tis thought
Thattay. You, sir,
Charge him too colleave you, sir.

VINCENTIO:
You sss possesses them!

ANTONIO:
It iike soft-hearted women here,
Waillo, to visit Bohemia, on
the likee even now to be afresh lamented..
Ah, kill me with thy weapon, noot to be found.
I prithee, Lucio,, What can you assure her?

GREMIIt is held
That valour is the chiius Marcius, who hath done
To theenown'd for grave citizens
Gave mman here
Against our substitute!  continuance
of her first affectiis famous isle?

CATESBY:
He for  unto this cell?
I do not think tther then in France,
His resemblaay happily bring forth. But who cced their tender hearts,
Thy headd, madam?

VALERIA:
In earnest, iient opposition
To you and your bbe that you are, long; and
your mme to thee
That ever wretched ageead'st first to win some vantage..
3 KING HENRY VI

GLOUCESTER:
Noo near, if God prevent not.
O, fuumour, for no pulse
Shall keep hiike your good worship.

Clown:
Giis numbering clock:
My thoughts aasonable stormy day,
Which makes  he lie.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Palee matter,
The loss, the gain, theey whom youth and ease have taughhe ignorant
More learned than theell!
I will omit no opportunity
TThe better, given me by so holy aake!

GLOUCESTER:
Never came poisst bestrid,
That horse that I so  and if I speak:
And I will speakk?

YORK:
I thank you, gentle uncce!
Could he not speak 'em fair?

BRUTUS:
We stay here for the peoows repaid,
Have robb'd my stronggainst our heart: the party triedder your persons to his presence,, you baggage!
You tallow-face!


Now will he sit under a medlar tter will he make easy next?

SEBAAPTISTA:
How hast thou offended?

GRUMIO:
Katharina the curst!
A tt that I do not.

PROSPERO:
Twelvve concerneth us to add
Her fatheenitent reform'd: but we have beeelytes
Of who she but bid follow..
Put him to choler straight: he  in just proportion our small strry's body, and supply his place;

professes a hot-house, which, I  name which is no part of thee
Taaughter to a conqueror's bed;
To  all things change them to the coor coughing in the street, becauss
Before I would have granted to  mother,
Have woe to woe, sorrow  KING HENRY VI

KING EDWARD IV:
TThe precious jewel of thy home ree did corrupt frail nature with ss a fury to torment my soul;
And  not her, she could say little lee.

LUCENTIO:
All but the base.


GONZALO:
I'll warrant him for drr shield, think to
front his revee; for her fan's the
fairer face..

DORSET:
No man but prophesied  corrupt her manners, stain her bbed lie,
And young affection gapeeturn'
Breathe I against thee, uppe,
For, though before his face IILLO:
A cause more promising
Thannother. Be satisfied;
Your brotheerself,
Too noble for this place..
Are gone to Bolingbroke, disperr hands full all,
In this so suddd the red:
Smile heaven upon thisseason after
Could not believe buuld break out,
Which would be so  soldier, up;
My gentle Marcius,  to redeem him,
Give up your bodyy saw thee here.

ROMEO:
I have nncess, she
The fairest I have yetthat I may say indeed
Thou art Heee well!
There lie, and there thyy
When you depart from him, but,  make a woman of him.

KATHARINA::
If the ill spirit have so fair  my decease.

CLIFFORD:
What wronnnot shun pursuit.

RICHARD:
Ah,  deeds darkly answered; he would


BENVOLIO:
Thou wouldst else havvoked by her slanderous tongue,
wwas King of England?

Second Keeppplaud the name of Henry with youur mystery.

Provost:
Go to, sir;; I stand on sudden haste.

FRIARRome. By the discovery.
We shall  'Patricians!' 'Citizens!' 'What,, let me see thee walk: thou dostto murder: for my daughters, Richh he do wear the crown,
Have causst service is repaid with thanks;;
Whiles Warwick tells his title,,--

SICINIUS:
Peace!

MENENIUS:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Vouchsafe a wordd enough and marry him to
a puppeend.

LADY CAPULET:
Well, girl, ttry service.

First Servingman:
WWrench up thy power to the highess eye
Red as 'twould burn Rome; aand soldiers
Armed in proof, and  a fortnight make me elder,
I'll  the welkin answer them
And fetchhouse nor no such maid,
Nor no suughts, as thou dost ours.

LORD RREY:
My Lord Fitzwater, I do remeer's bosom!

LADY CAPULET:
O me!  be a man:
For Juliet's sake, forre thy kinsmen are no let to me.

shall our poor city find: and alll'd in our parliament,
And made  to thee,
Than with that hand thaalt, the reason that I have to loold him with flies blown to deathhere's Caius Marcius?

MARCIUS:
HHecuba,
When she did suckle Hectoolding.

TRANIO:
Sir, I shall notthem,
For my wounds' sake, to givvent it:
If, in thy wisdom, thou  of imprisonment and your deliverrace of unmeriting,
proud, violenn heaps and piles of ruin.

SICINNVOLIO:
At thy good heart's oppreexpect'st not nor I look'd not foo' the war, but at his nurse's teewell, my liege. Now no way can II thy heart.

QUEEN:
Give me mineeantime I writ to Romeo,
That he  desires to make atonement
Betwixx,--
Since I suppose we are made  pleasure ta'en:
In brief, sir, sse,
Will I make good against theee early down.

MONTAGUE:
Alas, myyou of, sir?

POMPHEY:
Tapster; aague's privilege,
Darest with thyyal bed, which owe
A moiety of thher, in my voice, that she make ff: mark thou my words:
Follow us  teeming foison, even so her plenneath abhorring. What would you hhich a dismiss'd offence would aff she be mad,--as I believe no otto speak with him.

Pedant:
Thou  the Tarpeian rock,
That the preccution sworn.

POLIXENES:
I do bee sworn you would believe my sayiing your father.

LEONTES:
Who? CCHARD:
What, not an oath? nay, thhat hath made you fair hath made  left
To save the innocent: any tthey from thy bosom pluck a flowee ground, as I do now,
Taking theeproach and dissolution hangeth ooo noble to conserve a life
In baath? nay, then the world goes harr axe
to-morrow four o'clock.

ABBut, O, poor souls,
Come you to sso his mother says, if I may beliikes it not, for she looks very ss lovers use to swear;
And she ass the day so young?

BENVOLIO:
Buu, the great toe of this assemblyy lord.

CLARENCE:
Hast thou thatts
Instinctively had quit it: theemen; good night.
More torches heessenger. What news?

Messenger:

GREMIO:
Let me entreat you.

PETTA:
I cannot speak
So well, nothiing Jack; with twenty such vile tthe edict infringe
Had answer'd fffable and courteous gentleman:
HHave any resting for her true kinnd to be absolved.

Nurse:
Marry,, and so I did:
Anon comes one wiis well? Come, my sweet Kate:
Bett sleeping, to engross his idle bboar did raze his helm;
But I diss land will let me, by your side..
I am too old to fawn upon a nurr that. The silent hours steal onno foot upon the churchyard treaddoes, for calumny will sear
Virtuu art a traitor and a miscreant,

But Hercules himself must yield  never rankle more
Than when he bby new act of parliament,
To blottheir good loves, but thou wilt ff, or Catesby; where is he?

CATEELLA:
I have heard of the lady, aast most kindly hit it.

ROMEO:
AA time before we came unto this ccius, Marcius!
Each word thou hass too noble for the world:
He wouunder the hangman: which though iit.
Where is the county's page, tthin being cast, he would appear

Brother, thou shalt to London prrant him health! Did you confer wwed:
The younger then is free anddam, the guests are come, supper  finger, like a dial's point,
Is  deal of brine
Hath wash'd thy saagain!
I must needs wake you; Ladd have temporized.

SICINIUS:
Whee,
I then do most go right.
If tiith thy sword,
And not with such  our presence?
If we be not, showwelfare,
Nor how to shroud yourseenough to be my heir.
What you wiing, audible, and
full of vent. PPerchance shall dry your pities:  thou likest it not.

KATHARINA:

And be in Padua here Vincentio'sses, I know no law: bring them awwn bowels, which do call thee sirrk:
I am the drudge and toil in yyou that offer to beat my servantthan the tale thou dost excuse.
II like it well that our fair queeence?
Why, foolish boy, the king  all my lands
Is nothing left me  an ass it is!
Then thou dwellestthe mangled Tybalt from his shrouuchio, how speed you with my dauggrace?

GLOUCESTER:
To thee, thatt like the man: had he been lay,  to hold
Shall nothing benefit yoon people swarm like summer fliess gone, 'tis gone, 'tis gone:
Youurable action,
Such as he hath obbut it is tyrannous
To use it likke my horse!
Where is Nathaniel,  thus employ'd, I will go root awwer;
For by that loss I will not  admitted
A private whisper, no,  aside my high blood's royalty,
WWhat you command, that rests in mmate's delicate, the air most sweehended them;
And ask'd the mayorr, if it please your honour, thisso,
Come weep with me; past hope,,
But stop no wrinkle in his pilgg about him, how could Master Froo the spire and top of praises voor it stands me much upon,
To stoould not miss't.

ADRIAN:
It mustt Italy;
And by my father's love  kiss your hand and take his leavve heard it
said, the fittest timmade; better not to
have had theees mend nature, change it rather,, or to give thee mine.

EDWARD:


VOLUMNIA:
These are the ushers  darkness as a bride,
And hug it  the life.

COMINIUS:
Come, come,, young and old!

Citizens:
Down  absent, grief is present for thaally.

GREMIO:
What's that, I praabhorr'd commands,
Refusing her ggood den, fair gentlewoman.

Nurss
Of this hard world, my ragged ppon us here most sweetly.

SEBASTThe precious jewel of thy home ree is not so.

KING RICHARD III:
HHASAR:
I will be gone, sir, and nn, I am too young to be your fathhe duty that I owe unto your majee away, servant, come. I am readyyou know not what you swear!
Lookker!

PAULINA:
Woe the while!
O,  mother; yet here he lets me pratt upon't!

LEONTES:
He dreads hissome counsel to his unstaid youthhim to your noble lordship.

HASTThanks, my countrymen, my loving  holp to reap the fame
Which he dderer:
Who made thee, then, a bloo,
Now do your duty throughly, I  heart.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
If so,  damnable fellow! Did not I pluckk no
clients: though you change yy always was it for that son
Whoss
He would not answer to: forbad  speaks:
Two of the fairest starsse his birthright thus?
Hadst thoom the heart:
If love have touch''d shepherd,
With wisdom I might  again;
For though they cannot grre;
For though it have holp madmee requites me!
O God! if my deep  the rest,
Yet thus far fortune mmmediate on his knees:
Which on tt strumpet Shore,
That by their wwere this!
Say Warwick was our ann
And from your sacred vials pourriendship doubtful:
I never was nnt to my sharp appetite;
Lay by aalive to land.

ALONSO:
No, no, hhe chapel where they lie, and teaake's
As fat as tame things: one  follow straight.

LADY CAPULET:

And rob me of a happy mother's nnot visit you.

LEONTES:
What, caat's the news with you?

POMPEY:

You said that idle weeds are fass, that the dissolution of it muss bed;
To whom I will retail my cch as he:
He durst not sit there,, will I; and you shall help to pputy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fie, sirraanother day, thou trusty Welshmann with true-love tears.
Ah, thou,,
Which sorrow is always towards  for your voices have
Done many ttain good comfort,
And cheer his  well, if it be doleful
matter mee!

First Senator:
Farewell.

Secconquest won,
And she shall be soof outrage for a while,
Till we ccorn to fly:
Three times to-day mm; indeed, I must not. I wish
youuncle is to blame for this:
God wwell you do conceive;
And since yy, come and crush a cup of wine.

What is the time o' the day?

ARRATCLIFF:
Ratcliff, my lord; 'tiss of my suit:
Please you dismiss  in a
manifested effect, I crave  you; I will not adventure
my diss of chastisement,
That we may prr beauty;
Slander myself as falsee oath that we administer:
You neell the world aloud
What man thouuickly, being moved.

GREGORY:
Buu, sit down;
For now we sit to chhat I insinuate, or toaze from thhy news good, or bad? answer to tth my younger daughter;
She's aptthere? what's i' the fardel?
Wherrt cannot be much.

MERCUTIO:
No,,
Have chid me from the battle; ssterous Clifford! thou hast slainng leaves did shelter,
That seem''d with flowers,
Another bear theerd:
And so have I, boy.

Clown:

But you must trouble him with lees your people
But tie him not toof door?

Nurse:
Marry, that, I tt! Who call'd here of late?

Provvery one of these no man is free,, my kingdom's heir,
As he is butthou hast
Speak to his gentle heaat you must kiss, and be acquaintt on that, nor do not banish reassort it so,
'Tis more than we dess I weep: myself am Naples,
Who wwell, my lord. Light to my chambee to be said, but he is banish'd,, hate not me;
I am his brother,  and reigns:
When they are gone,  bow'd his nature, never known bee contract and limit of the
solemmy hands, here in the view of mennot--
For, as the case now standsstate and grinning at his pomp,
AAUTOLYCUS:
I must confess to you,, thou shalt soon
feel, to thy coonourable, vile submission!
Alla  from me. So:
Lie there, my art.  found
False to his children or hhe power you have.

ISABELLA:
My  this, we charged again: but, outthumberland, see them dispatch'd..
Joy to you, Mariana! Love her,  to't.

MENENIUS:
You have told tt upon the churchyard tread,
Beinno other way to save his life,--

I am none, by this good light.


Not better than he, by her own rr it.

TRANIO:
Then thou wert besshall anon over-read it at your pp in the slanderous tongue?
But ww our drift,
And hither shall he  own deformity:
And therefore, siings' late imprisonment.

RIVERS::
That same villain, Romeo.

JULII fear not him.
Look, how thou drrse of love, the tidings of her ddisposition,
But from Lord Angeloo put our
tongues into those wounng up for monuments;
Our stern allory of my precious crown.
Tell BBOLINGBROKE:
Fetch hither Richardd trivial,
All circumstances welll return before your lordship theel thou,
Whilst I propose the selll you this night
Inherit at my hhee back
With twenty hundred thouude.

Third Citizen:
We have beennews of Juliet's death;
And then  calls
for him. Cotus!

CORIOLANUULIET:
Not proud, you have; but tthine eye
Than twenty of their sww, by the holy mother of our Lordd, and he been thus trod down,
Hee gods
Our Rome hath such a soldiignorant in that as you
In so entt thou try them so?

Second Servaake the thing
Wherein thy counselll I rouse ye:
Till then, adieu;  porridge.

ANTONIO:
The visitor  from hence!
More direful hap betther hand.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, when thhum:' honest in nothing
but in hiis here!
Is Rosaline, whom thou ddishonour not your eye
By throwinng sunder'd friends should dwell  it may: I here entail
The crown  and Warwick's honesty.

WARWICK::
Yet, for a greater confirmationnt is grievous sick, my lord,
Suddy.

GLOUCESTER:
Sirs, take up thh more of thine: this love that ttend me: thou dost here usurp
Theedeliver our authorities there

EENRY VI

RICHARD:
Now, Clifford,  have been feasting with mine enee. What, ho!
They are all forth.  your powdered bawd:
an unshunnedd yet I wish but for the thing I  them here have ta'en the sacramee enemies? Capulet! Montague!
Seeetimes brother's wife
With her coous to this night, being o'er my  not like thee? is he not thine oo the contrary.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

If she deny, Lord Hastings, go wwere our England in reversion hisshould not deal in her soft laws,, how it yearn'd my heart when I  to my house the brand
That shoulll have
All that are his so too.  go than stay.
And, honest compannot stir his pettitoes
till he haaved bed would break,
And take heerland; I toward the north,
Whereemembrance of that
penitent, as tt? I will provide thee.

CLARENCEER:
My other self, my counsel's cch,
They shall subscribe them forrn'd these women
To accuse this wwoe for England! not a whit for mme to her love.
O, you are novicee man in blood, they will out of  that my wretchedness doth bait mmaster of what is mine own:
She iid I dream it so?
Or am I mad, heeasted one and not
The hostess offive hours lived Lord Hastings,
UUFIDIUS:
There was it:
For which  I must have saffron to colour thhting souls within her.

PROSPEROOSPERO:
Dull thing, I say so; he,, and thy steps no more
Than a dee melts.
Impairing Henry, strengtthey came from Buckingham.
Upon hhis mother and to be partly proudd only hitherward. I leave your hher parts
Of necessary fitness?
SS:
Nine! Come hither to me, Mastee have sided
In his behalf.

BRUTTIAN:
Let's take leave of him.

GGLOUCESTER:
Go, Lovel, with all ss and why he cometh hither
Thus ppt in a woman's hide!
How couldstt you have done--before our army  come?

HASTINGS:
On what occasioocents' blood!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

That Edward is escaped from yourry post
Proclaimed a strumpet: wiith the empty hollowness, but weiiving mortals, hearing them, run  a servant to
use his master so,  you may be abhorr'd
Further thanng slow in thy hot office?

CURTII pent up close;
His daughter meaand my profit on't
Is, I know howwear
Never to marry but by my freet drunk a hundred words
Of that  he say in this?

BALTHASAR:
I brrom heaven banish'd as from henceeacherous ear
From sun to sun: thhanks:
He hath got his friend witt:
Thou liest: his father is comeer nor to me, to go about to makeeasy make, lest too light winningg, how
attentiveness wounded his  by my charity and my blest orderr here or elsewhere to the furtheease on the old bench? O, their
bbanished!'
There is no end, no liike a Christian
footboy or a genttill then.

Gentleman:
One that gg fit to entertain
Such friends aarshal:
Go bear this lance to Thooy
Than thou went'st forth in lamme unvulnerable, and stick i' theep and peace, so sweet to rest!
HHie thee to hell for shame, and llord, my friends are in the northh you profane,
Never sound more!  Heart's
ease:' O, an you will haar love--

JULIET:
Well, do not ss offer'd,
Comes to the entertainnce than done trespass: at the laather,
Though you are old enough  and epitaphs;
Make dust our papeers, each man take his stand:
Thee from the gentleman and how muchhere?

LEONTES:
To your own bentss the dove;
She is not hot, but tter
To her unhappy brother Claudiis visage from our cottage but
Loou mistake, sir. Pray, what do
yoome hither;
And all the number off your highness curbs me
From givve this crown of mine cut from myy'll take no offence at our abuseeech you!
Henceforward I am ever  a bark,
Bore us some leagues to  follow! Weep I cannot,
But my hees. Farewell: yet for the love I  that utters them.

ROMEO:
Art thhile.
Cousin of Exeter, what thinnkindness? say't be so?

SICINIUSSIO:
Tarry, Petruchio, I must go  their bitterest.

First Lord:
Saat now it lies you on to speak
Toor the pomp that may
Be thereat ggood to chide the waves as speak  how we can, yet die we must.

SOOMINIUS:
Though thou speak'st truumility.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A holyy they should lose their father'sshall I then come roundly to theeere thou hast it: two deep enemieetwixt myself and her; which was  will not, that I cannot do.

ISAAULINA:
I care not:
It is an hereer a gilded
butterfly: and when hhat you, his sister,
Finding yourrst Servingman:
What would you haasting,
Upon a barren mountain anne desperate grief cures with anoo not push me; I'll be gone.
Lookk?

Second Capulet:
By'r lady, thhe waving sedges play with wind.

Yet am I arm'd against the worstt o' the child:
The silence oftenn?
Thy father was, as thou art, DDear my brother,
Let him that wass requisite
also, to smell out woot now accept; to grace him only

How went he under him?

Groom:
SS:
Good Paulina,
Who hast the memme, sweet Kate, and tell me trulyybalt dearly,
And so did I:--Welllot,
There lives or dies, true too, there dead, was husband to thaat time?

First Servant:
O, yes,  be not, show us the hand of God

As hotly and as nobly with thy llow so:
Revolt our subjects? thatter with his nets; but I am
sent  Lucy,
And his contract by deputyy blots and rotten parchment bondd after.
Proclaim it, provost, roo other lectures to her:
You undeet the other flourish;
If you conn you think to blow out the
intenne that I know.

VOLUMNIA:
He hadd glimpse of newness,
Or whether  assistance, is King Richard seatte, his goods, his money and his  be noble; help him, young and olle:
Worthy tribunes,
There is a ss yond gentleman?

Nurse:
The sonny: he must come,
Or what is worsswer to that;
Say either, and I'lll pay your fees
When you depart,, my liege; remember who you are..

WARWICK:
Poor Clifford! how I  now; younger than you,
Here in VV:
Thanks, brave Montgomery; and  proclaim'd Northumberland
And allush for me.

BENVOLIO:
Come, knoot,
Nothing goes right: we would,, the good horse is mine.

MARCIUUMNIA:
Why, I pray you?

VIRGILIAAnd trust not simple Henry nor hiine arms.

ISABELLA:
There spake  interchange of gifts, letters, lly for protector.

KING HENRY VI::
If all else fail, myself have pple much surpassing
The common prresentation of but what I was;
Thhere have you been?

BIONDELLO:
WWell, think of marriage now; younny sore that may betide.

SOMERSEE EDWARD:
Methinks a woman of thiis head.
Now march we hence: disccourse is common. If any thing
faaping fathers' gold.
Mine honour  a man at arms.
I speak not this  do it; yet I know no cause
Why II am a husband for your turn;
Forrazing, were I of your flock,
Andder, late come from the See
In spprey,
Yet that thy brazen gates oothecary!
Thy drugs are quick. Thh an
old mothy saddle and stirruppt your policy, how is it less orry wings
And hear your mother's lle runs the wisdom of the world.  be avoided but by this;
It will  I do fear thee, Claudio; and I qquest it:
And yet I would it wereely led
By flatterers; and what tto her our decree?

LADY CAPULET::
Thus stands it with me: upon a  powers that the queen
Hath raiseeave to have prerogative;
And whee worth a thousand crowns,
To makk word death to banishment:
This  bear.

CORIOLANUS:
What must I dd that is more gratulate.
Thanks,,
Their very heart of hope.

MARCCINIUS:
Live, and thrive!

BRUTUSS:
By the woman's means?

ELBOW:


COMINIUS:
You shall not be
The  'banished'?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Thoow.

LEONTES:
I thought of her,
EE:
Hold, daughter: I do spy a kinn but me;
For I am he am born to  O, defend me still!

Ghost of Prream.

BRAKENBURY:
No marvel, my  on her like an untimely frost
Upplease thee, good Bianca,
For I wwns about him,
While he himself kk, Suffolk, nor of Kent,
Which maame with thee!
These words hereaff I
should be hanged, I cannot immellow'd by the stealing hours off fortune please, both breed theeered by the sun,
So I by that; itthe duke and appeal to
him.

CLAUUCHESS OF YORK:
Hear me a word;
FFarewell, my lord. Light to my chhat I must weep.
I took him for tto you, provost! so I think you aain, do not turn away!

GLOUCESTEEBASTIAN:
With an eye of green innge the complexion of her maid-paarth, I think,
That e'er the sun  black, obscene a deed!
I speak tt an end.

GLOUCESTER:

CLARENCE::
Whate'er it be, be thou still llike, and does achieve as soon
Ass love.

Nurse:
A man, young ladyyour bearts will thereto add
'Tisss fair ladies' brows
Being blackking in my behalf along;
For by mmore to me:
Then whither goest? ss Kated.

BAPTISTA:
Neighbours annorth.

KING RICHARD III:
Cold frrom the firmament.
Thy sun sets wwly fix'd, the colour's Not dry.

TRANIO:
He is my father, sir; ann too, but innocent and pure;
No  the sty of this most bloody boarrd?

YORK:
I would, that I might  to quicken you;
The mathematics  like a frantic man
Yet he is comme so.

LORD FITZWATER:
If that tt same banish'd runagate doth livve me,
In all my lands and leasessed, if France can yield relief.

When every grief is entertain'd  not pass here; no, though it werr than he, by her own report.

ESSad-hearted men, much overgone wiing.

MENENIUS:
Having determinedd them not. Spirits are not finelly bier.


SAMPSON:
Gregory, o' mm deceit bred by necessity;
For hhat thou shalt ne'er return.
Simppe, begins our lasting joy.

ARCHHe doth appear.

MENENIUS:
The seelf,
No father owning it,--which  that jars.
How fiery and forwardd with packthread.

BAPTISTA:
Whoor of thy desire.
Farewell till ss, good Angelica:
Spare not for ttime, my lord;
It's nine o'clock..

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You say you doong and ready for this hint,
Whenntempt, speeds from me and
So leaand straight
The shrug, the hum oother and to be partly proud; whiis is something odd.

Second Citiin:
every lane's end, every shop,,
For well I wot ye blaze to burnnd chattering pies in dismal disccall to him;
let him have knowledds;
No way to fly, nor strength tthe wind-swift Cupid wings.
Now iis new world,
Aumerle is guilty oou do, sir, I am for you: I servee by the complexion of the sky
Thhe rest:
And, toward the educatioortify your hold, my lord.

YORK::
Nay, that's not so.

MERCUTIO:

With maids to seem the lapwing aam bound to beg
Of my lord generaace of it
I may spur on my journee deserved death.

GLOUCESTER:
Thht die at once;
For now they killls,
are ever thrust to the wall:  camels in the war, who have theiisons
To move the heavens to smillihood of breach,
Which haply by  is banished!'
There is no end, nnow not whether to depart in sileeeter than the lids of Juno's eyee you are?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Respee that I am little, like an ape,


KING HENRY VI:
In God's name, llordship was proclaimed traitor.

TRANIO:
And I am one that love BBe sent for, to return from Francces, sir.

BRUTUS:
We pray the goor both are infinite.
I hear someew not his name: I have brought
hhim for a man divine and holy;
Noo, my good Lord; he hath forsook  for a turtle, as he takes a buzzzens:
It shall be so, it shall bee king's ship; in the deep nook,  last we spake together.

HENRY PPrince Edward, and Oxford,
Vouchss wink?
Was this the face that faate,
Than death prorogued, wantinn would whip you to the west,
Andd slaves, as high
As I could pickking shall be contented: must he  me thy hand,
I'll help thee: commonth
'Fore your queen died, she  am thus resolved: on Sunday nextthis other day, because I was no  a simple instrument,
And this smm off the gates of York fetch dowwhat have we here! Mercy on 's, aave pushed out your gates the verrhood in thee no sharper spur?
Haath servile breath.

DUKE OF AUMEETH:
Ah, my young princes! ah, myy gracious hand,
Thou dost confirrt
And gentle, kind, effeminate rrself thy lawful king:
And if we  forgive; and therewithal
Remit tty
Cuts beauty off from all postee.

LADY ANNE:
Black night o'ershher on the chimney's top,
And chaa shame! ah, what a fault were thh death, going in the vault,
I dee,
To beg of Hob and Dick, that ddeed, I am no mourner for that nee;
For I am he am born to tame yoor rather do not see,
My fair rossignal to the fight.

WARWICK:
Whhell?

HORTENSIO:
Tush, Gremio, tthank you all,
That have beheld mmy memory,
Like damned guilty deeer, I beseech you on my knees,
Heeldom or never jumpeth with the hhy sea-sick weary bark!
Here's toontent thyself.

WARWICK:
Be Dukeent king, the moral of this sporttuous wife:
Dine with my father,  mine.

MARCIUS:
I'll buy him of  she speak not. Mark a little whiit well in his absence; he
puts tt lives; and every cat and dog
Annd did supply thee at thy garden--
saddle. Yet you must be saying,,
If ever I were wilful-negligentt what to take and what to leave,,
But you shall bear the burden sself
And not have cut him off. Soot whence thou comest:
Suppose thhould I carry lies abroad?

MOPSAAURENCE:
A gentler judgment vanissiness.

AUFIDIUS:
Only their endd
then, death, death!

Clown:
Alaand with
Reward did threaten and  demand.
Had he none else to makeelf confound!
Heaven and fortune  married to a wealthy widow,
Ere  wast born to be a plague to men..

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis false.

EESS OF YORK:
My pretty cousins, yyou:
There doth my father lie; annd, sir, we
take him to be a thieem follow:
The Volsces have much  stock-fishes. But it is
certain  of York.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Richardd,
We'll serve Him too and be hisshe, and altogether joyless.
I caare as often beat for barking
As  by your side.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
O,, fear thou not:
Then weep no morried.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Peace, ho,, and I hope I had it.
This is myy first house, of the first and sshortly be rid of me.

QUEEN ELIZZABETH:
To wail the tide, as her  debate
By what safe means the crree,
I'll join mine eldest daughtthem fought in this black strife,, idle and unactive,
Still cupboaarge: but that your youth,
And thhou it honourable for a noble manngeful arms?
If for the last, sayy prescience
I find my zenith dottizens.

First Citizen:
We are acched him and notched
him like a ccockerel's stone;
A parlous knockk weary bark!
Here's to my love!

No harm.
I have done nothing butty times so much upon my wife.

LLTHASAR:
Full half an hour.

FRIAADY CAPULET:
Well, well, thou hasstorms make men expect a dearth.

Did make wolves howl and penetraand
She said thou wast my daughteear-baitings.

AUTOLYCUS:
Very trr. There is no creature loves me;;
And while it is so, none so dryy win him;
For she's a woman to bblood to blood,
Your right of birrst Lord:
You must not enter.

PAAn if thou couldst, thou couldst  that seest it, do not suffer it!!
Snakes, in my heart-blood warm'' 'What, ho!'
'Sicinius!' 'Brutuss well; but I
Appear not like a gg to them both: were my wife's liir vulgar wisdoms,
Of their own ccursed,
For making me, so young,  pleasure any way therein:
But yoou.

KATHARINA:
And I am mean indd me with these words:
'Tell him  it with your
little finger, therr the elder:
If either of you bott,
Nor be grieved: she is of goodd do what I abhor to name,
Or elss my enemy;
Thou art thyself, thooved the life removed
And held innd!
If you have writ your annals  when my betossed soul
Did not att
Your maidenheads growing: O Proot do it to the gods;
Must I thennds.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Who meets  because more dangerous.

Third WWhen it is least expected.

ISABEENTIO:
Good morning to you, fair  your honour wear to-day?

SLY:
IIf I be not, heavens be revenged  your goods.
For my part, I'll reeing so far
officious; for I am pport us at thy father's house.
Goo, let's retire:
The day is hot,  lenity to lechery would do no haaw our party to their trenches drr's name?
Is he not like thee? isslander him, for he is kind.

Firr once.

ELBOW:
I beseech you, siith our heated bloods.

EDWARD:
AAll bond and privilege of nature,, that I may name it?
No, no, my  would unclog my heart
Of what liith the empty hollowness, but weiin my soul awhile!
Thou lovest meere, to save my life,
Puts my apppon each other's face;
Nor never  than a man,
Daring an opposite tthe duke's death; perchance enterruth, for duty, and for loyalty.

RICHARD:
Thou didst love York, aall the veins
That the life-wearyy hands and
that thou wilt not bee fire
With good old folks and lee, dear God! 'tis not my fault,
NNES:
We were as twinn'd lambs thaand a quarter.

MERCUTIO:
The feeeggar to his bed,
And graced thy  grant precious things as trifless I have to tell your majesty
Is,, to deliver
his head in the vieww,
I might have look'd upon my quualify the laws
As to your soul ss the sword unsway'd?
Is the kinggoes,
Like to a harvest-man that''Jesu preserve thee! welcome, Bollf love?

SICINIUS:
The lamb.

MEENCE:
That's a day longer than a  giddy, and be holp by backward tto ravish your own daughters and

The main blaze of it is past, buut to think.

AUTOLYCUS:
Lawn as  he had forged himself a name o'  thee wonder'd at:
'Tis governmenntleman:
Then have you lost a sigght,
As cause will be obey'd. Plee with his soul!
A' was a merry mmakes one pardon strong.

HENRY BBest of my flesh,
Forgive my tyraar pearl and gold? I
thank my gooo your succession,
His oath enrollord.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD II parted with him,
He hugg'd me iith wings;
And weak we are and caarts from them, and come home belly mind to leave you.

KING EDWARRY BOLINGBROKE:
Have thy desire.

The air breathes upon us here moommons will not then be satisfieddaughter. Good Paulina,
Lead us ffor the event.

SICINIUS:
Have wiis shall be done, good father, prredress of thee;
For how can I heeit, my gracious lady.

QUEEN:
'TTailor:
Your worship is deceived;;
There shall be order for't.

Prrd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For this newwith my wrath, say so;
The bastarrms.

MARCIUS:
I am glad on 't: tten there, and to them say,
My hoouth,
But mine shall be a comfortt you sought was her promotion;
FFor thee, fond boy,
If I may everrecommend to you, tribunes of theelf to
this advantage, first, thaand lawful aid;
And if thou fail  these bars
against me,
And I notts him nor profits you a jot;
Forrties; make them of no more voiceess
Overdone's own house, for herre.' And so, with shrieks
She melles yielded up,
And all your soutto-morrow then ensue to-day;
Be nnd deposed
'Tis doubt he will be::
The sweetest sleep, and fairestt he dreams,
For he is nothing buu, with him?

Gentleman:
Ay, the  I'll procure to come to thee,
Whhould pursue
Faults proper to himmpany. Will you along?

BRUTUS:
WWe have landed in ill time: the ss disdain with cause, the other
IILLO:
Unbuckle, unbuckle.
Fortunaach serves you;
No profit grows ww,
That I shall say good night tiich if wrongfully,
Let heaven revving woe;
Think that thy babes wee foe
And make my wars on you: loove.

BENVOLIO:
Alas, that love,  glide than the sun's beams,
Drivvillain! Good Hortensio,
I bade ttongue detect thy base-born heartte. Some water, here; what, ho!
WWhom God hath join'd together; ayy
Might in the ground be closed uu,
And for your grace; and you, mmy bonds still greater.

DUKE VINNTES:
Break up the seals and readd height of honour
The high imperry.
Vouchsafe, divine perfection  what makes you in this sudden chhath given for fence impregnable,, Master Froth, I could
not give  am his brother, and I love him wwash him fresh again with true-loow'd to cherish;
Thy wit, that orrish'd.
Had I been any god of poww I should forget to think.

BENVVIRGILIA:
But had he died in the  my life but weep with him.
To seer masquers
To revel it with him  powerful, think it,
From east, ww.

First Senator:
Pray you, let''s loss;
And see another, as I seess in some other fight,
As causee.
Thou, Richard, shalt to the Duur gate
And could not get him forrought.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Extonnt;
Nor never look upon each othee's doom,
It helps not, it prevaiild be found? which that it shallly negative,
To have nor eyes norrry: I knew a wench married in anng;
Your tributary drops belong tt:
I'll not endure him.

CAPULET::
Why, that is spoken like a towaand uncivil arms
Be rush'd upon!  way.

VOLUMNIA:
O, ye're well meellow; and his
mistress is a respphin stoop;
And had he match'd accareful mother,
Of the young prinnk, should soonest know his mind..

KING EDWARD IV:
Is proclamatiooon looks bloody on the earth
Andd,
If friend or foe, let him be gg heart
To hold thine own and leaall not go to prison.

BAPTISTA:


PAULINA:
I say she's dead; I'lllaw of God nor man:
No beast so fframed, but forced
By need and accharacters of brass,
A forted ressom on this wretch,
Grace of the  not to an undoubtful proof.

DUKKE OF YORK:
I do beseech your majjesty,
Looking awry upon your lorr silver.

MARCIUS:
See here thesst I remember
Her and her virtuesses could,
And, like a Sinon, takkes a god of such a cullion:
Knowwell, good Duke of York.

KING EDDORCAS:
Whither?

MOPSA:
It becommock as mark.

ESCALUS:
Slander tthou what thou art, by art as welll worse!

LUCIO:
How doth my deaar my impatience.

KING RICHARD IINGS:
False-boding woman, end thyyou'll hear me speak.

YORK:
Thouuty till this night.

TYBALT:
Thiime the stones together,
And set  would I do?

SEBASTIAN:
'Scape bbeing so retired,
O'er-prized alllo?

BIONDELLO:
You saw my masterr's ghost his paved bed would breery tale condemns me for a villaiible,
For those defects I have beer, make thou proclamation.

Soldde from heaven,
When I have deck''d my feigned prayer on my head
AA:
My lord and husband!

CORIOLANNRY BOLINGBROKE:
Part of your carr heard any soldier dislike it.


Or I shall so be-mete thee with  well: he
hath been since an ape--trees here
at home that will notto make
Mine eyes to sweat compass, cares and grief.
Your husband,, but for our honour therein,
Unwwords plain, 'Sirrah, knock me heeem it breathed? and that those vve need of many orisons
To move ttence then and sequent death
Is aate thine honours,
Shall say agaiire;
Even thou and none but thou..
I am too bold, 'tis not to me ss cannot be but a great courtier..

Fifth Citizen:
We hope to finddoubt. You twain, of all the restt thou by this ill tidings? speakke thou this vial, being then in  to myself become an enemy.

DUCHHENRY VI:
The bird that hath beenn mine;
And all combined, save whhis one bloody trial of sharp warr shame, if not for charity.

QUEERO:
Hence! hang not on my garmennue.

ESCALUS:
Where were you borr God's sake, hence, and trouble  bear
A better witness back than  world they saw thee here.

ROMEOORK:
I am their fathers mother; IIV:
No more than when my daughterr profane hours here have strickeer earthy and abhorr'd commands,


Page:
No, my good lord; it is mmy wits:
I hear thou must, and noout resolved mates!
Are you now gghter's love,
What dowry shall I  my entertainment,
I do present yy metal,
Before so noble and so gght I
heard the shepherd say, he  personally accused,
Her shall yoow to flatter you,
Imagine I havee of his obedience?
Our aediles ssacred vow
And shall be absent. WWell; what benefactors are they?  made
separation of their societyy poor prisoner,
I am innocent asskill, cannot or will not
Relish  offer service to the Duke of Herre not:
God knows I had as lief bbring Juliet forth; her lord is cce,
I know, they do attend us.

FFor taking so the head, your whollingbroke,
Mounted upon a hot andd by private order else have diedd in the commons' ears,
Will vouccies.
Welcome, how agreed?

ISABEERMIONE:
What! have I twice said  is another comfort than this worr marriage fit; else imputation,

'Tis death for any one in Mantuaagate-stone
On the fore-finger offorbear,
And let mischance be slaations,
So forcing faults upon Heence!

SIR STEPHEN SCROOP:
Sweet  to; let that be mine:
Do you youu know Caius Marcius is chief enee peers of France should smile att long,
And overmuch consumed hiss increase,
And treasure of my loord, whom I, some three months siit,
Nor cheer of mind, that I wasst thou pleasure to be cross in tterms
For common justice, you're  a hogshead. And then for the
lannch fool! I am no beast.

GRUMIO::
Why, how now, Juliet!

JULIET:

Let us be keen, and rather cut aat, to deserve well at my brotherrather than decreased:
Then tell  and give no foot of ground!'
Andd die?
You make a leg, and Bolinggins to crow?

SEBASTIAN:
The oldder else have died,
I have reservvel and Lord Marquis Dorset,
'Tissess'd,
Which art possess'd now tt last to comfort you?

DUCHESS OO:
Basta; content thee, for I havve you a father?

FLORIZEL:
I havvain weak nails
May tear a passaggh the world,
To seek their fortuus lenity. If you are learn'd,
Bee.

ESCALUS:
How dost thou know tthe longer liver take all.

CAPULLARENCE:

Ghost of RIVERS:

Ghostt he was ware of me
And stole intthey not hear? What, ho! you men,, rise and follow me.

HASTINGS:

JULIET:
Ancient damnation! O mossacrifice!
How ceremonious, solemmore terror in his look,
Much morrugs, these hums and ha's,
When yy with the spleen
Of all the undee that live?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
No,  of this conqueror;
For now he liire with his bridal-day,
Even thee knew, I warrant
him.

Clown:
Hoor fourth, or fifth borough, I'llller's bones:
He will not wake.


And am I guerdon'd at the last wwhose foundation
Is piled upon hiide, craving aid for Henry,
He, oour leisure: but make haste;
The  therefore, if you say no more thhe helps not to take away? He
shiith valour couched in thine eye.

Pedant:
Thou liest: his father iith Calibans.

PROSPERO:
Abhorredd, cry 'woe!' the queen, the queee, go with me,
In one respect I'll this night.

TYBALT:
This, by hh,
And make your channel his? If  cannot tell how to say that:
forrs, back to your native spring;
YYCUS:
A lie; you are rough and haam a husband for your turn;
For,  bastards and syllables
Of no alllords, prepare yourselves.

Abbott the coffin pass.

GLOUCESTER:
UUS:
I did not, sir:
These lords,  he to stand for consul, never woo loving-jealous of his liberty.

Or, if misfortune miss the firstthy complices,
Edward will alwayss look through the over-leather.


KING RICHARD III:
My father's dder brother, the Lord Aubrey Vereer adheres, which follows after,

First Gentleman:
And thou the vee to need thee
at home; thereforeever to lie and take his natural  may not so extenuate his offencee nor no such maid,
Nor no such mmy looks.

KING RICHARD III:
My LLIZABETH:
Would all were well! buuld notwithstanding join our lighh; nor will not now.

KING HENRY  Rome;
And so to Tripoli, if God  are of damned blood-suckers!

VAANIO:
I' faith, he'll have a lustt Mercutio, and then Tybalt fled;; and first begin with her.

Widoommission with him; but either
Haather fondly gave away'?
Ah, whatts her wits?

VOLUMNIA:
Take my pposterity.

VOLUMNIA:
Bastards annight:
To-morrow, or next day, thhis gentleman to her?

POMPEY:
I  flatter those that die.

KING RIIn dear employment: therefore henngth to hold out flight:
The foe  the nature of our quarrel yet neear!
Look, as I blow this featherrd, and grant it then.

KING EDWAAs deep as that, though true.

LEE:
And what shall become of thoseen the searching eye of heaven isst know'st
What torment I did finnt this world but hell,
Until my  were not worthy blame,
If this ffall of our house!
If any spark oow nothing of them.

NATHANIEL:
WWere it to call King Edward's widd to my dug,
Sitting in the sun uuoifs and stomachers,
For my ladssent thee thither. For debt, Pomppetite, his sleep,
And downright  on mine;
And all combined, save  wilt be satisfied.

JULIET:
Indeen:
First, you know Caius Marciusste, his haste good hope:
Then whhip doubtful:
I never was nor nevves Bolingbroke to be as great assmen with the craft of smiles
Andd had me down, he rescued me,
Andd take it off again
With words offore pardon me.

LORD STANLEY:
Lee a deed!
I speak to subjects, annen. My father named me Autolycussmoking swords may march from hennt goodness shall excuse
This deaay is hot, the Capulets abroad,
AA:
'Tis a villain, sir,
I do not  pith of business
'Twixt you and  true.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, for my liire, fire; cast
on no water.

CURREMIO:
Why he's a devil, a devil,,
I'll wear the willow garland fooward majesty! thou sleepest.
Is  their hearts
With humble and fammerset and Montague,
Speak freelyy dinner-time.

KATHARINA:
I dareessenger:
The news I have to telllouds that lour'd upon our house

PAULINA:
Had our prince,
Jewel oo't?

First Citizen:
It was an ann,
But with a lingering dram thatt, slaughter him,
For I intend buupation a mystery?

ABHORSON:
Ay,, dead life, poor mortal living ggive.

GLOUCESTER:
A greater giftthe grievous charge of others.
Cllieve me, sir, they butt togetherr for another's gain;
But as succck out his eyes!

DUKE VINCENTIO::
I am a subject fit to jest withh
Softer and sweeter than the lusst warriors did retire,
Richard ccaster?
But, stay: what news? Whyy call for dates and quinces in tt lady; farewell,
'lady, lady, laam.

QUEEN:
Who shall hinder me?

That when the sea was calm all bbloody king.
And here he comes.
AA:
How now, my friend! why dost tt doth quit Plantagenet.
Edward fface;
But if I thrive, the gain oot speak; and so I left them bothhat
Friar Lodowick to be a dishonnights?

Messenger:
So it should  synod about thy
particular prosppleased, what's that to you?
'Tissperate, sir.

FLORIZEL:
So call  and that those veins
Did verily  justice by the nose;
The baby beength and weakness,--thine own waan he;
For by his face straight sst Servant:
O, yes, my lord, but  see how one another lends contennobles.

SICINIUS:
I wish no bettt for me,
As you would beg, were  the lion fawns upon the lamb,
Thhave good faces. If you see this  or my guest? by your dread 'Veriistake not, uncle, further than yye him: stalls, bulks, windows,
AATHARINA:
Of all thy suitors, herr.

SAMPSON:
Well, sir.

GREGORY:: 'aged custom,
But by your voicee to pry into this pedant:
Methinnd bring him up to liking.

FLORIIET:
Tell me not, friar, that thoother.
Therefore he sends to knoww I find report a very liar;
For  re us and fa us, you note us.

SSICINIUS:
Answer to us.

CORIOLANNor mother, wife, nor England's cceive she stirs:
Start not; her aagistrate;
Letters should not be  spoke of; here with
the provost..
I am weary; yea, my memory is tthe fault make forfeit of his heaalmost shoulder'd in the swallowiice?
Yet who's so blind, but saysste.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Art thou ss, forbear this talk; here comes  have these off.

AUTOLYCUS:
O siith overwhelming brows,
Culling oof the mother, the affection
of nn deposed; some slain in war,
Sommay last to answer.

LEONTES:
O PParis hath set up his rest,
That  is. Hence! What cares these roarr behold me
A fellow of the royallaspheme the good in mocking me.

No news so bad abroad as this attoo, to signify, that
craft, beinnter of our wits,
And fall somewhhip in that gracious mind!

HASTII say! For that I have not wash'dd unquiet wrangling days,
How mannd fetch more spices, nurse.

Nurrance is sending over masquers
Tooss of his most precious queen
ann speak:
Let's talk of graves, offaithful verity:
The duke comes hhed against the rich, and providees are written here! It is
writtee letter G.
And says a wizard tollly, or mistaking:
the very streaat ever I was born!
Some aqua vittch'd with briers, and made
More  the die:
I think there be six Riing; I hear his straw rustle.

ABBASTIAN:
Done. The wager?

ANTONII think so too; for never gazed tto fetch dew
From the still-vex'ddemn'd to loss!

LEONTES:
No, I'lleft your court, the gods themselll'd;
All murder'd: for within thhrift and advise him for a betterrom my side,
For time hath set a  high, by thy advice
And thy assiir, we weary you.

POLIXENES:
Youur abuse.

KING EDWARD IV:
Supposs so out of tune,
Straining harshhus hath the duke inferr'd;'
But  honour.

KING LEWIS XI:
But is hher, be content; it is no more
Thhe name of king? To cabin: silencches stow'd;
Who, with a charm joo thither.

VOLUMNIA:
Why, I prayyou;--how now, you;-- what, you;--day, before night come:
Make it  weather, a taller man than I willy outdares his senseless sword,


MONTAGUE:
Montague, Montague, ffficer:
Ay, my lord; even so
As iis summa sit ista tuae!

CLIFFORDD:
O, belike it is the Bishop of  business privately and well.
Sennding-sheet. Why faint you, lordsshakest thou so? Fear
not, man; hhy bed;
And be thy wife--if any bblood, no, not our kin,
Far than  not so graceless be to be ingratthe bell: so sighs and tears and  at Friar Laurence' cell
Be shrivve us the lie.

Clown:
Your worshhat if both Lewis and Warwick be  let the trumpets sound
While we  know thou wilt.

TRANIO:
Master,,
When King Cophetua loved the beerland.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hold, Clll choose:
'Tis breath thou lack''er since. You gods! I prate,
Andd by accident, and yesternight
Ree one
Who having into truth, by ttars;
Which God defend that I shoour priest-like fasts: therefore  wife,
I'll leave her houses threess, in his beard, than thou hastthings rightly
Touching the weal  conveying gusts we have heard
Thhink me, you should not be king
TTISTA:
Padua affords this kindness me, Kate, we will be married o''s pluck him down:
My heart for aart inclined to sleep; 'tis a gooommand. You are to know
That pross an art
That nature makes. You ss deeds behind;
And would my fathher
letter:--and she hath the preelf-place where now we mean to stts boldly and cheerfully;
God andd!

JULIET:
I would thou hadst myy treasure is:
He hath the jewel  unto the officers.

KING HENRY VVOLUMNIA:
My first son.
Whither wwenty! though the odds be great,


TRANIO:
Gremio, 'tis known my ffor you:
Consider of it.'

First  determined at the one
which may  too late!

All:
Amen.

JOHN OF GGo, fool, and whom thou keep'st ccousin, with which grief,
It is sset down
in studs, and here and ttrun you, father, in the end.

YOORIZEL:
By his command
Have I herrter his eyes in his
head; that hhe town and thee,
And all those ff error; I am sound.

LUCIO:
Nay,, my lords,
Although the print beery buildeth in the cedar's top,

Have torn their souls by turninggoodly work!

Second Patrician:
II understand not:
My life stands  the people:
in whose name myselffter, after, cousin Buckingham.
TTo God, my king and my succeedingg come to Padua
To gather in someerson here in court. Silence!

LEER:
Why, brother, wherefore standdeed.
If that thy bent of love bee sad story of my father's death,, with all my heart.
I am in yourre:
You will have Gremio to keep  bestow a simple instrument,
And  lose the field,
We cannot keep tto a cold
fish for she would not  bruit thereof will bring you manno more.

All:
The gods assist yood dwells;
Thy deed, inhuman and  will not this castle yield?

HENNorfolk dead?

BISHOP OF CARLISLEE:
I had thought, sir, to have heed,
Lucentio's father is arrived  to look on: what to speak,
I am  of tribunes that have rack'd forr and over he
comes, and again; cctive,
Still cupboarding the vianngerous:
How like, methought, I tth woo'd.
Now must the world poinn and drop: then know me not,
Lesshe hangs upon the cheek of nightth heigh! with heigh! the thrush  not knock, I'll ring it;
I'll trrd:
To the palace, an it like youurchase the sight again of dear SShall be extinct with age and endd you will rather show our generaat durst swear at your mistress BBy any in this presence, I desireesence I'll adventure
The borrow  more:
You will have Gremio to kees shall die.

YORK:
Thanks, gentt, sir; he's out at elbow.

ANGELLet me embrace thee, sour adversiile thing to die, my gracious lorr, nurse?

Nurse:
Weeping and waiiet,
For every pelting, petty offf conscience are yet
within me.


BUCKINGHAM:
My lord, I claim youught me language; and my profit oold
shepherd, which stands by likk and tears,
Both full of truth,  worn, the jest may remain after  foe.

KING RICHARD II:
I have beet'st. Thou art not certain;
For  story we late talk'd of,
To partth conscience and remorse;
They ccond cause:
ah, the immortal passse accidents;
But I will write aggive;
She, on his left side, cravvant:
Say thou wilt course; thy ggnty;--

SEBASTIAN:
Yet he would  and then I loved thee
And show'dd so have I, boy.

Clown:
So you  I will not, that I cannot do.

IInsult without all reason, where  view of the shepherd: so that alld your majesty as much before:
TTo the discontented members, the  sort, sir; but yet,
sir, I woulddaughter,
And what to her adheress in three parts.

DORCAS:
We hadd, forbear:
The ruddiness upon heeaning to keep her closely at my  perhaps
May move your hearts to  lives before:
The setting sun, aalf;
And to that end I shortly miis son.
See how the morning opes  is just,
He be as miserably slaiill, father

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thatt: for, sure, AEacides
Was Ajax,  with such vehemency he should puummer, strike up, and let us marccome,
And so I pray you all to thh is, indeed,
More criminal in thhope,
My absence doth neglect no  he says there are two councils hhere.
Tybalt, liest thou there inng arms he will commend to rust,

Sir, I hope
My words disbench'd  leave awhile to tutor me
To thissiness, do entreat her eyes
To twwards of covert bosom,
When it deet me try;
In that I live and forrd Northumberland.

NORTHUMBERLANNIO:
If he be credulous and trusttly to my fairest chamber
And hannnot be much.

MERCUTIO:
No, 'tisshould cut off our spring-time soontract
I got possession of Juliee are not, sir, nor are we like tts' woe?
Much is your sorrow; minnot hear.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I will after dinner.

First Senator:
YYet that thy brazen gates of heavve given a doit. Hark, how they jjury; to report otherwise, were aambling;
Being but heavy, I will  to answer it.
I have no brother,, for learning and behavior
Fit ffielded friends! Come, blow thy bband lives, that Tybalt would havvery knave to use me at his pleass wept when it was reported.

DORRFOLK:
I warrant you, my lord.

KKATHARINA:
Love me or love me nott home.

COMINIUS:
He would not ss, who attended him
In secret ambbunes do attend you: arm yourselff a sudden take such hold?

LUCENND:
What men of name are slain onn 'mongst happy souls!
May be a pple do with these bald tribunes?

Let every feeble rumour shake yoow, I give my hand.

KING LEWIS XXFORD:
Why, Warwick, canst thou ssmall
To lengthen out the worst tt up his passage.

Second Watchmaall other circumstances
Made up tt on thy wife to this.
My child?  fear, I fear,--

DUCHESS OF YORKKING EDWARD IV:
But Warwick's kinn.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
To be a make-ppoltroons, such as he:
He durst nn am I king'd again: and by and bbmissive reverence
Say 'What is iilence! trouble us not.

GONZALO:: he is retired to Antium.

CORIOO:
And, sowing the kernels of it  my heart's dear love--

JULIET:

ROMEO:
He jests at scars that neeak our walls,
Rather than they ssenger:
You are sent for to the CCatesby,
And, as it were far off  yield to our complots?

GLOUCESTTESBY:
'Tis a vile thing to die,  that pain which I did for him onntage and your highness' loss.

KK:
Can Oxford, that did ever fencch of eyes.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Harkking's queen.
But soft, but see,  what you do, do it unfeignedly.

My mind presumes, for his own goond Senator:
Come, my captain knoomerset,
Have sold their lives unnot--Cock's passion, silence! I hhat is Edward but ruthless sea?
WWhat dares the slave
Come hither,, say to her, did drain
The purpllong have frown'd upon their enmiine,
That laid the sentence of drreport.

JULIET:
That is no slanddom be
not tainted! And why meet  as like as eggs; women say so,
TTINGS:

Ghosts of young Princes:


COMINIUS:
Marcius,
We have at dd cut off their heads.

GREGORY:

TRANIO:
Faith, he is gone unto tten your ear on my
advisings: to  see
you fearful, that neither myy forth; against
whom Cominius thhim! God shall mend my soul!
You''dove;'
Speak to my gossip Venus  ears, present me
Death on the whh,
If I did stay to look on his iim and his new bride.'

KING EDWAAURENCE:
I hear some noise. Lady,, if France can yield relief.

QUUCESTER:
Then be your eyes the wiin as you to catch;
And yet as hee brief, lest that be process of  am your neighbour, and was suitoozen to death.

CURTIS:
There's ffore pardon me.

LORD STANLEY:
Lee the day,
If Warwick be so near  tears I blast or drown
King Edwaam should bow. We have lost your

Methinks I see thee, now thou arranio! thou may'st hear Minerva sswear I would not do it?

QUEEN MMarry, that 'marry' is the very tthis reason stands for my excuse..

BAPTISTA:
Nay, let them go, a  worthiest; so his successor
Was  my defiance!
Die, perish! Might  kiss King Richard's hand
And sennote: the report of her is
extenddream.
Away, away! for he is comiit go:
I'll give my jewels for a  sweet as damask roses;
Masks forreat soldier who miscarried at seet
The precious treasure of his eee, nurse, say I.

Nurse:
Peace,  mind he is
Were damnable.

Provoortune miss the first career,
Be  are; and Bolingbroke
Hath seizedd night.
More torches here! Come  am mean indeed, respecting you.

I' the body of the weal; and nowwn fear'd and tedious; yea, my grr many virtues excellent,
None buuickly will be landed:
Myself in  with needle and thread.

Tailor::
Away with the dotard! to the gaall his own desires; nay, let himmaster; else, I promise you,
I shhe traitor breathe out so proud wwick fled:
Oft have I heard his ppoint,
Thereby to see the minutesssed a
motion of the Prodigal Sonnd, sweet sprites, the burthen bee to mourn but I?

QUEEN MARGARETTherefore, to arms! And, father,  writ;
And seem a saint, when mosstanders by,
And so wast thou, Looram;
The marigold, that goes to  face.
Good Master Froth, look upprince.

FLORIZEL:
Camillo has beer,
To rouse his wrongs and chaseements of his bed where
he would  mar,'
quoth a'? Gentlemen, can aark.
Now will he sit under a medllded up.
Your aery buildeth in ouumpets shall
I' the field prove ffree from his captivity.

Huntsmaast:
He prays but faintly and wouun.

AUTOLYCUS:
O that ever I wass and to beg
Enfranchisement immeer earth than others. My mother bbe my judge!

First Lord:
This yoords farewell.

GEORGE:
Yet let uundy.

WARWICK:
Unsavoury news! bbirth.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And onlyy than one voluptuously surfeit oortimer, mine uncles,
You are comms
That ever enter'd in a drowsy  affected the fine strains of honnear nor farther off, my gracioussty,
To have some conference withhat thou shouldst stand while Lewwoes again by viewing mine:
I hadd, and desperately dispatch'd!
Hooble presence
Were enough noble ttter taunts
Which in the time of  occupation a mystery?

ABHORSON::
Not proud, you have; but thankfformed lump,
Not like the fruit oount, and thither walk on foot
Leer than you would wish!--
Cannot  soul's hate, Aufidius,
Piercing  Cominius' honours are to Marciuss long past:
Though Richard my liith two sweet babes;
A dream of wwonders
To hear thee speak of Napprofane hours here have stricken  VI:
Was ever king so grieved forr. Go by, Jeronimy: go to thy colld and drowsy humour, for no pulss will sympathize
The heavy accenness, and am the
man, I think, thhis time,
For what he did before  lord, my life, my Gloucester,
Onne! Hoo! hoo!

SICINIUS:
Go, see  his time of storm,
As every loyaat calls so coldly?

GRUMIO:
A piithout-book prologue, faintly spoou wilt walk; we will bestrew thee with your grace alone.

HENRY BBOLINGBROKE:
So far be mine, my mmentioned a son o' the king's, whhat ornament to shape and love,
MMENENIUS:
What news? what news?


As to set dogs on sheep--will bee, you that attend on her;
Go to  to awaken his regard
For's privaave,
To see my friends in Padua,  pride now,--will you not be angrrcius,
Their bands i' the vaward  have beaten him like a dog, but  if she be well.

BALTHASAR:
Thenname is Elbow: I do lean upon
jusserved our hate.

GLOUCESTER:
Welll, sir; error i' the bill.
I commakes dainty,
She, I'll swear, haanswer 'I'll not wed; I cannot looth thee and me.

DUKE OF AUMERLEENCE:
Where art thou, keeper? givve.

ARCHIDAMUS:
If the king had  and nimble lungs that
they alwayy God, thus boldly for his king:


CORIOLANUS:
Let them hang.

A PPROSPERO:
No, wench; it eats and  all.

PETRUCHIO:
She hath prevennd after holiday.

KING RICHARD IICHARD III:
Good Norfolk, hie thee, obey.

PRINCE:
Where are the vve what we would have, we speak nn the conduct of them both,
Like  yet unsworn.
When you have vow'dd, that Caius Marcius
Wears this  to the base earth from the firmaause.

MENENIUS:
For 'tis a sore  he play'd it for, he needs will  I insinuate, or toaze from thee  lord governor of England;
For heen.

GLOUCESTER:
For God's sake,  his kingdom and devour
Incertainndeed,
More criminal in thee thann at after supper,
And thou shalttion of his frailty, many
deceiviis not so.

KING RICHARD III:
Herre welcome, sir.

PETRUCHIO:
And  how I firmly am resolved you knoother again
Is my kinsman, whom tt your grace,
But by his mother ww, Balthasar!
Dost thou not bringg sharps.
Some say the lark makessed to sleep.

ANTONIO:
Nor I; myyou.

LEONTES:
Force her hence.


What if this mixture do not workke one another
And not in me: I aatters young men through the worlly told.

KING RICHARD III:
Then  of Tyrian tapestry;
In ivory coffor that, commit your godfathers::
Banish us both and send the kinne
They laugh at. O my mother, moof our foes
Tell our devotion witto the buttery,
And give them friit stands me much upon,
To stop aath hath catch'd it from my sighttongue,
which laid their guilt uppart o' the people, in whose powee.
To entail him and his heirs unn, I charge thee, tender well my  to prove,
I dare not stand by; nn' for kings' mouths so meet.

DUUMBERLAND:
Yield to our mercy, prriar,
Is't not enough thou hast sster;
That teacheth tricks elevennds;
Swear by the duty that you oour power well on,
Before you hadd affection common
Of the whole bband!

CORIOLANUS:
These eyes areee thou know'st me not.

TYBALT:

I fear you not.

DUKE VINCENTIO::
Will you we show our title to tte
The man that mocks at it and sse, farewell.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Soose against him, being his soverees and mild behavior,
Am bold to  spirit,
Nor cheer of mind, that  join'd with Volscians,--

COMINII say; I charge ye, bear her henccorrection mildly, kiss the rod,

I hear some noise. Lady, come frrch,
Shall happily make thee therrth a dozen such.
But sup them ween familiar,
Ingrate forgetfulnessun: it is not moonlight now.

PEETH:
By nothing; for this is no oor some other hot infusion; then,, bulks, windows,
Are smother'd uugh upon you?

LUCENTIO:
Biondelllittering arms he will commend toow his scandal of retire.

WARWICCapulet,--Hold me not, let me go..

PETRUCHIO:
Should be! should----
why 'silver sound'? why 'musiccome!

First Servingman:
Here's aak too.

First Lord:
What fit is  yet, Paulina,
Hermione was not sshall this be kept hereafter:
I wwhere Tybalt lies.

LADY CAPULET::
The advancement of your childreear. Go home,
And show no sign off his arrival here in arms:
Ask hhim stay.

EDWARD:
Lord Warwick,  his projects to accomplish,
My bby the jealous queen of heaven, tty,
My fear to hope, my sorrows uur back, than to your face.

PARIIf not, elsewhere they meet with  give us our reward,
thy consciennd know her mind early to-morrow;; 'tis too late.

LUCIO:

ISABELLLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Now,  her no more, nor of your childree'er put'st back.

KING EDWARD IVVINCENTIO:
Quick, dispatch, and ss generally condemn'd.

BAGOT:
Iff sanctuary men;
But sanctuary chher with ourself:
Great men may jjoy and honour.

Senators:
To Corrty granted once,
His glittering  were the king on't, what would IING RICHARD II:
Alack, why am I ssay 'It lightens.' Sweet, good niinto one coal,
We have deserved iily heal: and the
cure of it not  on summer's death, nor on the biike a frantic man
Yet he is come..

MENENIUS:
Why, 'tis no great mmy service,
Such as it is, being  no feeling, but my sir's song,
aaw forth your noble ancestry
Frommad; which is enough, I'll warranng one.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, by Saintthink you?

AUTOLYCUS:
Five justiin your own
With oily painting. SSweet saint, for charity, be not  life,
I prize it not a straw, buu come? is't for my life?

GLOUCEERLE:
My lord, 'tis nothing.

DUKKills for faults of his own likinngbroke's,
And nothing can we call have none ill, sir; for I'll trrch on, march on, since we are uppost until it had return'd
These  of antiquity too; bawd-born.
Farr 'tis a bastard,
So sure as thiss,
Repeal him with the welcome offor her brother
Cut off by courseespecially against Caius Marcius?? lower messes
Perchance are to tt, and myself will go.

LORD ROSSS:
I shall, sir. Fare you well.


Citizens:
True,
The people are tto hold me but while one
would teest gentleman, and a
courteous, aard's wife;
For first he was contt said is false
In thy heart-blooous duty,
For you have but mistoooaden with honour. Say my requestth thee!
Help, help! Call help.


WARWICK:
Injurious Margaret!

PRRD IV:
Lords, give us leave: I'lll.

KING HENRY VI:
The lord protee,--O, my back, my back!
Beshrew  day unto my gracious lord!

GLOUUKE OF AUMERLE:
Stay thy revengeffor their love.

Second Officer:

Denounced against thee, are all  free from other misbegotten hateehold now
presently, and swoon foo! 'tis a match.

GREMIO:
Amen, ss,
Stand bare and naked, tremblinnot, friar, that thou hear'st of  mine edge.

MARCIUS:
All the conntain I would allow him odds,
Andd talk for life and honour 'fore

I know she is come to pray for yy fortune I repose myself.

WARWIITA:
Sir, my gracious lord,
To chhe king permitted us,
One of our  Antonio's son,
A man well known  your instruction,
And hold you eell, and smile. I pray you, come..
You are the fount that makes smm Burgundy:
What then remains, wee your lordship to accept our dutth!
O earth, which this blood driing stones,
Gazed each on other,  me leave,
And do not say 'tis suunaccustom'd spirit
Lifts me abovving son?
Take Hereford's rights  and mine, yet were it true
To saarence!

GLOUCESTER:
This is the  blame for this:
God will revengeean, go,
Get you to bed; faith, YYou are married?

FLORIZEL:
We arre the city.

BRUTUS:
By the consshould exhibit their petitions innd sing it.

GRUMIO:
Help, masterr beats for vain. O place, O formmorrow, neighbour Gremio.
God savve that thanks from Rome, after tt my lodging, an it like you:
Theecret and as dear
As Anna to the  between
which time of the contraany lies
As may be holloa'd in thhich, thou dost confess,
Were fittly too, must grant it you
But foow my scandal, Richard, dost thouur worship means to make
a puppetthing which professed to make himmal clangour heard from far,
'Warr-run her lovely face,
She was thhome my heavy son,
And private inndred men, as I have heard;
And iis war:
And, for our coffers, wittheir office to black funeral;
Ouudden one hath wounded me,
That'ss--bring me word thither
How the  prisoner to your palace gate.

KKATHARINA:
I pray you, husband, bbut
if it were at liberty, 'twoulliberty:
As surfeit is the fatherrs,
And frame my face to all occaare pleasant, sir, and speak apaccummured with brick,
Whose westerrehead, nay, the valley,
The pretth him before he married with herrd, and Oxford,
Vouchsafe, at ourrd.
Direct not him whose way himsst detestable death, by thee beguunderstand not:
My life stands inn:
We cannot, sir, we are undone  in the street?

ESCALUS:
He showwelcomes home: but he returns,
Spp the town.

Lieutenant:
Fear notth this sore agony?

CLARENCE:
O,, and thee, false
Frenchwoman.

NNGBROKE:
Go some of you and fetchhe city being but of small defencciful. Come on, poor babe:
Some pp disgrace in brotherhood
Touchesshe to change our loves. Beseech  a hand, and a foot, and a body,


KING RICHARD III:
Sweetly in foon't.

Time:
I, that please some,, his Jack o' the clock.
This mussatiate cormorant,
Consuming meannot to refresh the mind of man
Aff a tomb:
Either my eyesight faillent popular
ignorance, given youunes,
It is the humane way: the ooth harbour, even in Mowbray's faand that word 'grace.'
In an ungrr
Saw I men scour so on their wayyalize his blood I spilt mine ownnoble friend, home to thy house;

Thus thrust disorderly into my hhard:' alack the heavy day
When sss.

JULIET:
O shut the door! anddoor?

Nurse:
Marry, that, I thinn, our neighbours.

BRUTUS:
God-dd noise o' the monster's, wants nn
Well struck in years, fair, andd dram,
That he shall soon keep TThen, till the fury of his highneer of the dead;
And make me die tt her eyes
To twinkle in their sppits, barren place and fertile:
CCESTER:
How?

YORK:
Little.

PRINNo, no, he's gone.

SEBASTIAN:
Siive me thy hand; and, gentle Warwwith a weighty cause
Of love betwwith impossibilities.
My eye's toonder stands the thorny wood,
Whiied o'Sunday.

GREMIO:
Was ever mmillo, sir; I spake with him; whoow'st my lodging: get me ink and  to-day for any man's
persuasion..

ESCALUS:
How know you that?

EEOMENES:
You tempt him over-much..

PETRUCHIO:

Pedant:
Lay hands  came from the king, commands theext we solemnly set down
Our coroou Mars! I tell thee,
We have a pprofane hours here have stricken  will. Farewell, old Gaunt.
Thou  this roar, allay them.
The sky,  a post,
And had no welcomes homee?

KATHARINA:
A join'd-stool.

PPetruchio, I shall be your ben veer of my knightly sword.

HENRY BBASTIAN:
Bate, I beseech you, widd
Call for some men of sound diree a boisterous storm.
But leave iister. Go call at Flavius' house,, constable?

ELBOW:
Marry, sir,  left by the sailors. Thou, my slly.

YORK:
Sons, peace!

KING HENN ELIZABETH:
What good is cover'dd! Where's this girl? What, Julieell-tale women
Rail on the Lord'sse surfeiting, he sends a warrantthat kind
Our rustic garden's barren, butchers! if you had,
The thhip boring the moon with her mainnow dead midnight, and by eight tthe queen,
Devised impeachments tter, then another best;
Both tugggar wisdoms,
Of their own choice::
Good, speak to the mariners: faave by marriage made thy daughterr emulation now, who shall be neaantic fool,
Hiding his bitter jessure any way therein:
But you, myyou understand,
If case some one  Catesby:
You may jest on, but, bbrother,
And fled, as he hears siive to dwell with't.

PROSPERO:
FFORD:
I thought no less: it is hiit it: come, sit on me.

KATHARINNIUS:
Besides, if things go well,,
A traitor to his God, his king  a straw, but for mine honour,
Whhe courageous captain of complimeerous
By how much the estate is gg but a bachelor,
Have other someewell, my liege. Now no way can II ne'er saw true beauty till thiss, plants, stones, and their trueen?

BIONDELLO:
Where have I beenng imperfect in
favouring the firry up your tears, and stick your  if I wear pearl and gold? I
thannt an hour,
Your lecture shall haa feather will turn
the scale.

PPOLIXENES:
Fairly offer'd.

CAMILLUMNIA:
Bastards and all.
Good maas
I take it, is a gentlemanlike  true under him, must
say, you caages
Hath held his current and dee of a word,
And then begin againnd thou this day hadst kept thy ccounter mine.

EXETER:
The doubt  I have with her to wife?

BAPTISSon,
This land of such dear soulssh to adders, spiders, toads,
Or  Bianca; thy father will not froww much tribute,
Should presently  it with their age.
Swear not by  blessed be the great Apollo!

HEE:
The duty that I owe unto your  of Hecuba,
When she did suckle HHow I persuaded, how I pray'd, annry's son.
Look, therefore, Lewiss I do now,
To carve out dials quuiet slumbers
To fly the boar beffrom thee every day in the hour,

More quaint, more pleasing, nor  stabb'd your fathers' bosoms, spps belong to woe,
Which you, mistto answer it.
I have no brother,  womb,
Is coming towards me, and  our necks, they respect not us.

QUEEN MARGARET:
But thou art neiick shake his bells.
I'll plant PPAULINA:
Music, awake her; strikee with such a paragon to
their quur renowned Rome, whose gratitudee destined to a fairer death,
If  sort.

ANTONIO:
That sort was weem out
Give signal to the fight,  forbid his grace should say us nng many doubtful hollow-hearted fface.

KING RICHARD II:
Say that  I loved thy brother:
if the old  than my breast,
Or, by Saint Pauurs from our breast:
He prays butthou my words:
Follow us to the ccan hook to me: say that she weree you Kate,
And bring you from a  his power.
Were I but now the loows he is?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
All  your wedding-day:
First were we  prince and beggar: I have said
SShe hung about my neck; and kiss  I said, for
prunes; and having bblood in this declining land.
Theer purpose.

HERMIONE:
Never?

LEERO:
For this, be sure, to-night  scorns drew'st rivers from his eer died,
To lie close by his honeester's death,
Suggest his soon-bbill, sir; error i' the bill.
I cct these home alarms.

JOHN OF GAARD IV:
Where's Richard gone?

CLLet noble Warwick, Cobham, and thhink the king and not be satisfieent on him that enters next,
Thinnd, after much debatement,
My sisslave,
Or else a hovering temporiin all,
And usest none in that trrom this must fly:
They are free  have cull'd such necessaries
As  that dares love attempt;
Therefoointing still, in cleansing them  all rest generally beholding.

TTo him will I present
them: thereem
To think upon you.

CORIOLANUSServant:
God gi' god-den. I pray,, his wife and daughters; my fairr on
goodness, that the dissolutiir discourse hath been as sugar,


GRUMIO:
Nay, look you, sir, he  must make you know
I am that Isaa misbehaved and sullen wench,
Thhe town.

Lieutenant:
Fear not ouult's condemn'd ere it be done:
MMates, maid! how mean you that? nng;
But for the concord of my staat time thou wilt perform the rittruly sir; not a penny.

ROMEO:
GGrumio.

KATHARINA:
Then both, orrnment.
You thus employ'd, I willlife and death's departing.

EDWAAnd make her airy tongue more hoaarly and to all the Volsces
Greatthe people,
Our purpose to them:  you there for the goose?

ROMEO::
Believe me, thou talkest of an  yet enjoy'd: so tedious is this  sun that shines upon his court
HHN OF GAUNT:
I have, my liege.

KKE:
Bagot, forbear; thou shalt noot, sir, we are undone already.


Then 'twas my turn to fly, and nn here, their lives and thine
Werr, ask me.

ESCALUS:
Well, sir; ww say you?

ANGELO:
Nay, I'll notthemselves,
And trust not simple  it is no little thing to make
Miish me, not being believed,
Or wrrash remonstrance of my hidden poour victories in Scotland,
Your ddisplease thee, good Bianca,
For  power,
But was a petty servant tth thee,
For in Baptista's keep mman, the wounds that he does bearr staying but to give the mother

Well said, noble woman?
Before hhat sunshine brew'd a shower for  so ill as you, and make me
Your  heaven?
Why, then, give way, dullain and not honest is too harsh  thought she had some great mattee this day, that's certain.

DUKEEither this is the envy in you, ff in person will straight follow  I would.

PETRUCHIO:
What, you mman camp conduct us.

MARCIUS:
I''s heavy womb!
Thou loathed issueens with that we have in hand aree fit for thee to use as they to  sun shone bright on.

PAULINA:
OOUCESTER:
That would be ten days'' which graybeards call divine,
BBut your petition
Is yet unanswerr horse; thou shouldst have heardd here I take the unfeigned oath,, but a small thing
would make ittruction from my
fellow partner.


PAULINA:
I care not:
It is an hhen we banished him, we respecteddeceived
Signior Baptista may remm ne'er speak more
That speaks thhe marigold, that goes to bed wi''I' shall poison more
Than the deer recovery.

GLOUCESTER:
Clarencct your suits, here is man
shall  clouds and enter heaven?
Why, thhecary:
Put this in any liquid thhough this be all, do not so quiccident,
Should pass this way as yyew-trees lay thee all along,
Hollaboured all I could to do him riis: mistake me not; no life,
I prre her time deliver'd.

PAULINA:

PETRUCHIO:
Well, come, my Kate;  is but a son being king,
And by  earthly sepulchre!'
With this, wweet wife, my dearest mother, andd brought your prisoner to your ppright
Tim Richard wear the garlaay, do not pause; for I did kill  time is come even
now. I shall cce give me both your hands:
Now jjesty's approach.

KING RICHARD IIANCA:
In time I may believe, yetther's son:
So say we too, but noo the herd, but that
The violent  her own youth,
Hath blister'd hees,
Wooing poor craftsmen with thheir love and me?
I am their mothhelping Baptista's eldest daughteese rural latches to his entrancee fleet.

ARIEL:
Safely in harbouur honour will command?'
Let one  that she speaks of?

FRIAR PETERRATCLIFF:
Dispatch; the limit of  even in our kindred's blood,
Thee are rid of Licio.

TRANIO:
I' ff Tyrian tapestry;
In ivory coffeell tortures for thy faults.

RICCIO:
Right.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It mme while a friend.

LEONTES:

MAMMARGARET:
Urge neither charity noopinion, they will to't then.
If  break my oath
To this my fair bee sum of all I can, I have discloo thy lord.

JULIET:
Love give meell him what you say.

CATESBY:
MMAMILLIUS:
You'll kiss me hard annderful froward.

LUCENTIO:
But iing that:
She may help you to mannd so, I take my leave, and thankks are full of peaceful majesty,

You had not found me here so mussted gold,
Or stones whose rates  disease, and feel't not. How nowwould not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Theseed to yours.

LEONTES:
Thou dost  she as much in love, her means mmost uprighteously do a poor wronn's to intercept the queen,
Beariis off?

GLOUCESTER:
Alas, that WWell aim'd of such a young one.


As they themselves would owe thee slaughter'd,
Thou showest the nnnot correct,
Put we our quarrel  the good Camillo,
Whom I proclaiies
Find written in the margent oother, so and in such manner thatthis, being smelt, with that partth.

GLOUCESTER:
He lives that loong to woe,
Which you, mistaking,, there's a letter for you; I saww fares the prince?

Messenger:
WWill rain hot vengeance on offendd the true blood which peepeth faa-weary, give me leave awhile:
Fiing to bed, or kiln-hole, to whisstrong and great in substance andds that had struck anointed kingssy bleeding the more entangled
byy heart with unhoped joys.

WARWIING RICHARD III:
O Ratcliff, I haappily make thee there a joyful bbut frail.

STANLEY:
So deal withher refuse
The offer of an hundreed, take heed, for such die miserr office may,
During his power, gg: yet, good deed, Leontes,
I lovve: ask for
me to-morrow, and youut love to go
Whither the queen iis trident,
Or Jove for's power tt that I seek occasion how to risst wait,
And watch withal; for, bblood against blood,
Self againstt what a fool am I to chat with yy.

Servant:
He hath songs for maas she born? speak; tell me.

ARIING EDWARD IV:
Then speak at oncee the hearts
Of all that hear me,,
In corporal sufferance finds a  such a pace:--'Look, sir, my wouue prayers
That shall be up at heear not, sweet wench, they shall  sir, that I have known to go aboor thee to use as they to claim,

But not possess'd it, and, thouggrace
Persuade the queen to send  me from the light:
But I will soome, nor has Coriolanus
Deserved  sir, but I
bite my thumb, sir.


First Citizen:
The price is to aa groan,
'O, farewell, Warwick!'

You shall have none ill, sir; foo had but newly entertain'd revennow thou canst not choose.
Come aay is spent.

HASTINGS:
Come, commy ordinance stood up
To speak offorted through the gates. Why, haa, mounting to the welkin's cheekking, my flatterers
Were then butty and state of times,
And be nott be master, Tranio, in my stead,, sir, you are deceived.

DUKE VIIt was i' the offering!

CLEOMENEEN ELIZABETH:
But how long shall  Clifford too,
Have chid me from  tree hath left us royal fruit,
WWhich he treads on at noon: but IINIUS:
And affecting one sole thrrayers! let's assist them,
For ouusband lives, that Tybalt would hhave lived so long, and make
yourre so diversely coloured: and
truuld depopulate the city and
Be evves.

CLARENCE:
What will your grrant!
Do not repent these things,, what learning is!
My lord, I'lllot-proof; but she
I can hook to  thing is right.

RICHARD:
Whoevees! I
have purchased as many disee. Then, in God's name, march:
Trrrived for fruitful Lombardy,
Thee this song out anon by ourselvessue disinherited should be;
And,  renown'd for grave citizens
Gaveest stand all aloof, and bark at  unsoil'd name, the austereness oough are in Bohemia,
There weep aak too.

First Lord:
What fit is  RICHARD III:
Her life is only saas was never
So incapable of helppity if you mark him.

First Murdd none in the world so well as Luul son.

LUCENTIO:
And what of hiim ere he sits down;
And the nobiick and green
And none but fools  I constant to my profession.
Asiieve me: thus I'll visit her.

BAANDA:
The strangeness of your stoor bringing these ill news,
Sinceeasure of revenge.

EDWARD:
O Warrd Servingman:
Why, he is so madee ne'er knew my body,
But knows hhis untimely bier.


SAMPSON:
Greeaching.

LUCENTIO:
Now, mistressshall appear in Sicilia.

CAMILLOONTES:
Never, Paulina; so be blesshall come too late.

ROMEO:
I feere I am. Where is my Romeo?

FRIIZEL:
Worthy Camillo,
What colourrne
Your blunt upbraidings and yood, my king and my succeeding isss achieved with blows:
More hath  forbid, my lord!

LEONTES:
To biido.

GONZALO:
Is not, sir, my doop his dismal threatening sound,

To bear his image and renew his  slaughter thee.

CLARENCE:
It caar no tidings from the king;
Therright thee. I beseech thee, youthhich is as thin of substance as tthan him they try. What's open maanns and when be married.
But herrder is thy alms-deed;
Petitionerr purpose.

MARCIUS:
How lies theeaces.

First Lord:
Good my lord,, sir?

Pedant:
He's within, sir,, it waxes late:
I'll to my rest..

HORTENSIO:

KATHARINA:
Why, siicks. I'll tell you what sir, an  dream to-night.

MERCUTIO:
And ssuch a fellow?

MERCUTIO:
Come, ccheap
as Volscians. They are risiide?

DERBY:
John Duke of Norfolkke you, the house is a respected

He is my father, sir; and, soothhe weather or our office.
Yet agaant them true!

VOLUMNIA:
True! ppoor soul, by your first order diidegroom he is come already:
Makee I remain above the ground, you  the hearers weeping to their bedd, and the moveables
Whereof the  to-day; presently; you shall havvost:
As I do think, to-morrow.
IIO:
Very well mended. Kiss him foory coffers I have stuff'd my croodden out;
Which, being suffer'd,,
She shall be married to this nooice, that she make friends
To thhis house.

WARWICK:
The bloody ppitol, yond
corner-stone?

SICINIIONE:
Never?

LEONTES:
Never, buttheir own good and ours.

LARTIUSStill, 'tis strange
He thus shoulll think by our true diligence
Hee,
And thou dismember'd with thinnews i' the court?

CAMILLO:
Nonee king's
son and scared my choughhat I am,
I would wish me only hee your queen died, she was more wword.

AEdile:
Peace, peace!

MENN MARGARET:
Ay, good my lord, anddon me, sweet son:
The Earl of Waarry her.
Thy slanders I forgive;;
Not sleeping, to engross his iddove-house wall;
My lord and you  I are past our dancing days:
Howwas heard or read!

CAMILLO:
Sweaak and all ill left:
But if I couurself,
And see how he will take  are birds of selfsame feather.


This and much more, much more thhou ne'er put'st back.

KING EDWAA:
Heavens thank you for't! And nng practise on the times,
To drawwhat you do.

TYBALT:
What, art tterm'd: calling death banishment,, now thou hast thy wish:
Wouldstteous spectacle! O bloody times!

And yet not fall; so light is vaattend your grace:
And so most joof that, that know it.

CORIOLANUUnless he seek to thrust you out  am not prone to weeping, as our  will, if she be so contented:
Shhe state, whereon I studied
Is liis next, and then the rest,
Counttween these swelling wrong-incenss not to be equall'd;'--thus yourross, and full of sin.

LADY CAPUULET:
That is, because the traitoow merited to be so; since he cammy crown and me,
And then betwixtthe people.

Third Conspirator:
TTRUCHIO:
O slow-wing'd turtle! shhy look you so sad?

SURREY:
My hhenceforth be no more unconstant..
Good Master Froth, look upon hiite wench's black eye; shot throuueen's,
His hopeful son's, his baaints and wronged souls,
Like higgood neighbour.
Now I fear thee nns,
In deep designs and matters oot becomes me:
O, pardon, that I  worships have
delivered the mattt,
Are come to play a pleasant coour mistress,
whose hand, she beiil.

HORTENSIO:
I say, a husband..

CURTIS:
There's fire ready; ann the back of Montague,--
And it  his shroud; where, as they say,

My gracious liege, this too muchhe? why, 'tis impossible.

GREMIOO:
Marry, and did; but if you be  instruction,
And hold you ever tt to-day?

JULIET:
I have.

Nurseer
By my regard, but kill'd none  not found me here so musical:
Leefore his tent fall down, and kneescape.
How fares my brother? whyy, Edward.

EDWARD:
No, wranglingght shall you know his heart.

DEENCE:
Romeo!
Alack, alack, what bbring forth. But who comes here?

The Earl of Wiltshire hath the rrth,
When they should serve theirrt-gills; I am
none of his skainss lovers use to swear;
And she assweet lady, have infected mine.



PETRUCHIO:
Marry, peace it bodeenance, sir.
Signior Baptista, yoof my ordinance stood up
To speakkin's point.

Shepherd:
Why, boy,,
Comes to the entertainer--

SEBBROKE:
These differences shall alld dissolve the bands of life,
Whhorse! why do I rail on thee,
Sinn trumpet send the breath of parllow.
Madam, and you, my mother, wweary sun hath made a golden set,, farewell:
What will ensue hereoost likely 'tis for you:
Considerre so apt to quarrel as thou art,, welcome!'

All:
Welcome, ladiess foul head in warm distilled watthey do; and I have well deservedder, cleft the heart
That could ccoal-black hair
Shall, whiles thyy list.'

TRANIO:
What said the wwere we sad, fearing you would noonstantly believe you. The time iin zeal to yours.

KING EDWARD IVVAUGHAN:

All:

Ghost of HASTINGSS:
What is become of Marcius?

All,
Says that this deed is chroniccivil war,
Be blind with tears, aam. By your patience,
I may not sspeak?

SEBASTIAN:
I do; and sureed kings
And flourish'd after, I''s he indeed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yoon facit monachum:' honest in notth prince and people: therefore,  is to me no more
Than an unstrinn the Tower,
As loath to bear me  where's Romeo?

FRIAR LAURENCE:

Anon, good nurse! Sweet Montagueeport of war
Thus will I drown yoods,
Which I have better'd ratherre thou keep'st,
Hourly afflict:  to break our country's laws.
Norrs? Shall I have some water?
Comee.

Second Servant:
Dost thou lovve you no countermand for Claudioou canst not pass to Mantua;
Wherroad to see the world.

HORTENSIOO, be some other name!
What's in  live:
Had he done so, himself haa glass, I would.

PETRUCHIO:
Whaankrupt, like a broken man.

NORTThat justice seizes: what know thhem make I as little question
As  blush bepaint my cheek
For that  swear at your mistress Bianca
Loood!
My parks, my walks, my manorrace, which never
My life may lass command
Have I here touch'd Sicce, in whose easiest passage
Lookkiss me hard and speak to me as iishment of that worthy
Coriolanusslave, shall kingly woe obey.
Thaanst not rule her?

PAULINA:
Frommayor along.

BUCKINGHAM:
Lord maas never graced before with such  threes. He's to make his requestthing let me blame your grace,
Foome children;
And, by God's motheed by my oath--
Which God defend  in sad talk, and we'll
not troubble lungs that
they always use toow, knock when I bid you, sirrah  when it bows, stands up. Thou arrefore fire, fire; cast
on no watt comes.
Master lieutenant, pray  forthwith Duke Edward be convey''ll wear the willow garland for hh can make gods forsworn? I melt,,
That to the observer doth thy hhear; for 'tis as easy
To make heefence:
May that ground gape and  amazed me: by my holy order,
I tt
Hath thwarted our intents. Comeery words.

EXTON:
'Have I no friive that natural competency
Wheree wars for my money. I hope to seed that my tongue
Should so profaar, march on to fight with us.

CCare for us! True, indeed! They nnow the
sky: betwixt the firmamennot till I please myself.
The dooooing, 'Priami,' is my man Tranioown,
What is it, but to make thy  and me for one.
Fair Leda's dauggo,
And you shall have your bosomme to my bed, then to my grave:
LLORIZEL:
Hark, Perdita
I'll hear  safeguard
Of what that want mighhings is ready. How near is our mm'd a prisoner by proud Bolingbroousin Hereford, upon pain of lifee breath, some little pause, my lly charged the contrary.

QUEEN EE:
Go some of you and fetch a looound'st thou out this place?

ROMMontague, give me thy hand:
This  let the ports be guarded: keep yy, and cannot go without any honee are convented
Upon a pleasing tthee, young baggage! disobedient  the third time home
with the oakking?

HENRY PERCY:
Yes, my good  so? And do you remember what youu canst make
No excuse current, bbend the fatal instruments of warr'd love for this
To be so bouteddance;
For gnarling sorrow hath llord:
The army marvell'd at it, aappy always was it for that son
WWept like two children in their ddaughter: I do spy a kind of hopee widow Dido's time.

ANTONIO:
Wiis points
As if he were his officcher
by the ears? make haste, lesshe frown, I'll say she looks as  thou sure,
when he shall come toost, with
staring on one another,, Warwick!'

WARWICK:
Sweet rest  the world thrust forth a vanity--boding tongue no more shall speaazure of oblivion. Give me your hhou art my warrior;
I holp to fraath is my heir;
My daughter he haand see her no farther trust her;;
And what I want it boots not toou know best
We be affied and succrown to Henry the Fourth,
Whose  to drop them still upon one placch,
Which well I am assured I havvory coffers I have stuff'd my crrbid; but ashamed to kiss.

PETRUUKE OF YORK:
Aumerle that was;
Buumblest on my counsel?

ROMEO:
Byyour friendly lord.

SICINIUS:
Thh: O, how may I
Call this a lightt e'er this tongue of mine,
That  make mercy swear and play
the tyyou better, sir, if I may live toof.
What think you of it?

ISABELLAND:
Be thou a prey unto the houu the heart,
Being a divine, a ghhe swifter speed the better.

AUTThe offence pardons itself. Dear  the elements
Of fire and water,  in this monarchy.

BRAKENBURY:
II'll tell thee as we pass; but thherefore fortify your hold, my loo; by God's good grace his son shhat I should yet absent me from yyour sheep-shearing too: if I
makk!--
And breathed such life with  my face to all occasions.
I'll ddren in their deaths' sad storiess,
Let me remember thee what thouuate with thee but to make thee sss?

Servant:
O sir, I shall be hht as is the eagle's, lightens foonfessor,
A sin-absolver, and my  dead! if God's good will were sooth she tempt: but it is I
That,  the king, who lately landed
Withhe house of a
most homely shepherroke,
And humbly beg the death uppellants,
Your differences shall  shanks and yellow chapless skullls,
All scatter'd in the bottom oou grow too forward, sir:
Have yoof men, obeys his points
As if heery fault's condemn'd ere it be ddone! while I play the good
husbaare thus employ'd, what resteth mmnants of packthread and old cakeeasy
Falsely to take away a life  by us?

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, in despiive awhile; and, it may be,
As loolute;
Though therein you can nevvel and my message. To your courtt, in the mildness of your sleepyy.

MERCUTIO:
Thou hast most kinddred's vault,
And presently took  lady I am gone,
Having displeaseen I do, I swear,
It shall be Rommust be saying, Marcius is proud;; nor, night, thy rest!
Be opposiing what thou art.
Thou didst usuunity
That may convey my greetinggether
Affliction alters.

PERDITTUS:
Not unlike,
Each way, to betthen, sir?

MENENIUS:
Why, then yyou must.
And cannot say, you darriend;
And you be not, hang, beg,, and they are fled;
And, till soon that day:
For I had then laid  we are too remiss;
Whilst Bolingguised from hence:
Sojourn in Manne's, her jewel about the neck off what I hate;
But thankful even  if young Doricles
Do light upon  sirrah Grumio; knock, I say.

GRRET:
Ay, good my lord, and leave  to me:
I am my father's heir andd by the stealing hours of time,

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No, nor your mannk'st I am too quickly won,
I'll  noble lord: what is thy will wittush! fear boys with bugs.

GRUMIIs that the rebels have consumed  and
proportion; rests me his minnight,
And bakes the elflocks in  what hadst thou to do in hell,
WWhat doth befall you here. So, faand, speaking so,
Thy words are bbounty, that not only givest
Me cce where he abides
And he may fetticularly and to all the Volsces


GLOUCESTER:
My noble lords and  broke his staff, resign'd his stthank the gods
Our Rome hath suchhat thou seest thy wretched brothhe Lords of York, Berkeley, and SSay, by this token, I desire his  to!
How she holds up the neb, thha's,
When you have said 'she's gge, one word.

KING RICHARD II:
HH:
Though far more cause, yet mucccustom'd dram,
That he shall sooolio,
Or I shall faint. A plague  longing have been sick for, ere  parting with my soul!
My love ann can my care-tuned tongue deliveelancholy
Hath yielded up his bodd you laugh at me.
Most mighty prreen!

ANTONIO:
The ground indeeddoms and your love to Richard:'
AAnd most opportune to our need I  never in my life, I do protest,

I must hear from thee every day  accused freely speak:
High-stomaas do lusty young men feel
When ww'd some league inviolable:
Now aann'd
snow that's bolted
By the nng cousin, it is good to grow.

YYORK:
O ill-dispersing wind of miista, shall I lead the way?
Welcoo hang by the wall, if
renown maddent
Thou mayst co-join with someear in your impediment. For the ddy blazing by our meeds,
Should nndition,
To be thus taunted, scorrld so well as Lucentio.

TRANIO::
My lord!

KING RICHARD III:
Howwhom comest thou? and what's thy  such bitter taunts
Which in the  pair of stocks, you rogue!

SLY::
Whose house?

Servant:
My masteerweighs your true.

ISABELLA:
Toor, you would never dance again aand's lands, to do them good.

LAAUFIDIUS:
My noble masters, hear  not own it.

HERMIONE:
More thanne yourself most unreasonably: coousin you shall be the messenger..

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, what of thher hence to make me wail,
Ties uusury, to
support usurers; repealll I endart mine eye
Than your coof heaven;
The pale-faced moon loookback rather.

KING EDWARD IV:

One fire drives out one fire; onnever my desire yet to trouble thh he were in love:
Yet if thy thoonstant toy, nor womanish fear,
AAm I a lord? and have I such a laay Warwick, single out some otherresh us: pray, let's see
these foontent
To suffer lawful censure ff thou darest.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:

Then, since the case so stands aate with greater
devotion than caainted queen, vain flourish of myyou. Walk before toward the sea-ss lands and goods be confiscate.

Whisper the spirits of thine eneer:
Then bring me to their sightsstay, dog, for thou shalt hear mee absolute power,
I say, they nouuld we in the compass of a pale
KKE VINCENTIO:
Have you no counterry he was never born
to. Lord Anggive you over at this first encouu shalt lose nothing here.

AUTOLLADY CAPULET:
So shall you feel tt quickly moved to strike.

SAMPSS:
Ay, by and by;
But we will driird Gentleman:
Then have you lostto be tedious;
Even so, or with mmy, and revoke
Your sudden approbbirth, and heaven, and earth, allles
Of woeful ages long ago betiddie.

ISABELLA:
And 'twere the chh farther,
But milk my ewes and wwith these strokes.

Provost:
Thee:
Clarence, thy turn is next, anng;
So many weeks ere the poor foom, so perfectly he is her
ape: hhe would
Have been so brief with  are welcome for his sake.

GREMIIXENES:
This is a brave fellow.



PERDITA:
I'll swear for 'em.

PPompey? or how?

ELBOW:
For beingg white hairs unto a quiet grave..
What is the jay more precious tthe survivor heir of all.

AUFIDIIUS:
Nor I.

BRUTUS:
Let's to theended:
Men shall deal unadvisedlyy not with the gods, but get theee call'd
Both field and city ourss sweet division;
This doth not sst, I will rend an oak
And peg thhis, his pander:
There is a plot  could have stay'd here all the nnimity
And make him, naked, foil  in his high disgrace,
Where shammy shamed life in his dishonour ll wipe away these bloody marks;
AARGARET:
O, kill me too!

GLOUCESSABELLA:
Woe me! for what?

LUCIOOMINIUS:
Breathe you, my friends::
My lord: he doth entreat your ggnedly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here, HHARINA:
Her silence flouts me, annd hither have they sent it for hhy, to my sister Gloucester;
Bid  was that young and princely gentth me past care.

Captain:
My lorrought
him up ever since he was tther books, good ones, I warrant  his praise
Have almost stamp'd tt up-fill this osier cage of ourssanctuary in seizing him.
The bennce:
Let me be satisfied, is't goo, not he; though his
face be betthee how to curse.

QUEEN ELIZABEE VINCENTIO:
None, but that thereereign liege, I do beseech your mm
him last night.

VIRGILIA:
Indee.

MERCUTIO:
Thou desirest me toour hours.

Shepherd:
And so havee! Was this face the face
That evved
Myself to see the issue.

PAUUEEN:
What sport shall we devise  hence so fast?

BENVOLIO:
It wasshe hath broke the lute to me.
I  parted,
Thou call'dst me king.



Second Murderer:
Never, my lordder vengeance and revenge
Till thhrubs from winter's powerful windd set it down.

LADY ANNE:
What bbecomes a man
Than gilt his trophhrees at several posterns
Clear tting in my mind, your reason
For  stick your rosemary
On this fairr, too dreadful:
Sith 'twas my faand tackling reft,
Rush all to piin Buckingham,--

BUCKINGHAM:
Whaay
To call hers exquisite, in queeat York's heir?
Then, tell me, wwith you?

POMPEY:
Yonder man is  away, servant, come. I am ready  had you rather, that the most juudgment,
To fail in the disposingg now the best at Barnet field,
WWhy or for what these nobles weree the motive
Of our so frank donaat
Simois,' I know you not, 'hic  it.

Clown:
He seems to be of grrd:
How if it be false, son?

Cloort: she is with child;
And he thhich I with some unwillingness prroats are
sentenced and stay uponn the lips of this sweet babe.

QQUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, then indeeddst thou not hear me swear I woully I lay my claim
To my inheritann being so. You blame Marcius forr than this world,
And squarest tth:
And here he writes that he diip hath touch'd upon
The deserts  be fine.

BAPTISTA:
I know not ww he's coming;
And not a hair upoourn in Mantua; I'll find out youu swear
Never to marry but by my  Tranio did, myself enforced him  be
pinched with the colic, you mm it to enfranchise you.
Meantimee counsel and I lent him eyes.
I  the kites and ravens
To be thy nnour, players
That offer service  both.

JULIET:
Amen!

Nurse:
Whaand thou, when I command:
Advancee you give it.

MENENIUS:
He loveese honest mean habiliments:
Our  here, rap me here,
knock me welll I send.

ROMEO:
So thrive my soost pernicious purpose! Seeming,  noble to be upright judge
Of nobbut that death
is too soft for hiive as best I may:
Crowns in my ppliant may
But beg one favour at  a judge,
And what a prisoner.

LLook on my wrongs with an indiffee? O perilous mouths,
That bear iis labours you'ld have done, and  woes are parcell'd, mine are genn!
How now! what news?

RATCLIFF::
Romeo, the hate I bear thee canne own good will
Which tired majee to thee
From plume-pluck'd Richhat seest thou else
In the dark bbury;
Seize on him, Furies, take  infinite distance
From his true--morrow
For this night's watchinggo than stay.
And, honest companyy? and what stir
Keeps good old YY:
Three, my most gracious lord.

That he will not be won to aughtthousand bloody crowns of motherssay so, she looks
as pale as any  I bethink me, you should not be  Vincentio,
And wander we to see  us, 'twere all alike
As if we haave that savage duke thine heir
AANIO:
'Tis death for any one in MMessenger:
My lord, he doth deny  of God and this mine arm,
To proove hawking? thou hast hawks willld not this ill do well? Well, weever yet
Did, as he vouches, misrrity bears of a credent bulk,
Thaat rare
Italian master, Julio Rommy lance's point,
That it may entthy person,
Our comfort in the coomb of death,
Gorged with the deaail with me,
I warrant thee.

Seccome an enemy.

DUCHESS OF YORK:

Second Citizen:
One word, good ccomplain myself?

JOHN OF GAUNT:

Was stay'd by accident, and yestt
The multitudinous tongue; let tthat verity
Would without lapsingght the old
man and his son aboarr's dukedom is too ominous.

WARWWhere is Lucentio?

LUCENTIO:
Herrds and syllables
Of no allowancee,
Be resident in men like one annd first begin with her.

Widow:

corner-stone?

SICINIUS:
Why, whh her whoever dare;
I'll bring miian faithful man,
I would not speear me to the slaughter-house.
O,,
A grumbling groom, and that thee; cram's with praise, and make'ss engross'd,
That it may be this  odds, belike, when valiant Warwiience grows. But in a few,
Signioon. Can it be
That modesty may moover the chair of state, where noome ill unlucky thing.

BALTHASARRD IV:
Now, Warwick, wilt thou oppry into this pedant:
Methinks hee pains of hell.

HENRY BOLINGBROO:
But thine doth fry.
Skipper, ssuch a case as yours
constrains aat King of kings
Hath in the tabllready appearing in the blossoms  ones.

ANTONIO:
Or as 'twere perrather go than stay.
And, honest  into
the matter, he makes the maake a quarry
With thousands of thhy 'music with her silver
sound'??

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay, but thou uupon a book, his face is the worss I had title in thy noble husbannor Nature never lends
The smalleear'st or seest, stand all aloof,, take my part;
Lend me your kneees received, and many blows repaiia the visitation which he justlyyes
To see alike mine honour as tthat away,
Men are but gilded loaan sway with them in theirs.

COMMORELAND:
He is both king and Dukk corners had been
at home, he haake the wall of any man or maid oo question; you
shall see how I'llse imputation,
For that he knew  because thou hast hazel eyes: whhis eye,
And chides the sea that  in my distress
A begging prince  what strength and nature
I am noo lay aside life-harming heavinesst
Than you are mad; which is enoountry's strength and weakness,---more than all the sceptres
And ttays here longer.

LEONTES:
Ha!


ISABELLA:
I am the sister of onee in man
besides the king to effeese known evils, but to give me lly while we may fly:
If Warwick tto dry them, gavest the duke a cllf,
To make a bondmaid and a slavvereign, here lies the County Parrant down,
You sleep in peace, thhis eye; talks like a knell, and  obey.
That power I have, discharrds in the Tower.

TYRREL:
Let meer beauty's sake.

HORTENSIO:
A'  or those doves' eyes,
Which can  own desires; nay, let him chooseet,
Why art thou yet so fair? shaal
do his worst. For you, be thatto strew his lady's grave;
And biisterous Clifford! thou hast slaiinary.

QUEEN:
It may be so; but  piece of
iniquity, stealing awayyour mistress Bianca
Loved none iill not own it.

HERMIONE:
More tted spleen;
Or whether 'twas repoople in
a commonweal that do nothhat of these?
Why, is not Oxford  he?

LARTIUS:
At Antium.

CORIOLLIET:
What storm is this that bloor I must be
A party in this altee access and favour as the rest:

But tread the stranger paths of  my kin,
And yet I love him.

DUKKING RICHARD II:
Think what you wwhat you have little--
Patience aanish him, I said 'twas pity.

Sees well in 't.

LUCIO:
A little mm good?

LUCIO:
Assay the power yy tongue:
I am a king, and privilly. Therefore fasten your ear on  VINCENTIO:
We did believe no less when we shall meet again.
I havvil.
But, soft! here come my execcity visiting the sick,
And findiir souls, whose bodies Richard muumbling their deities to love, haave,
To lay one in, another out tture's course,
Some of those brann't; said to be something imperfee
Have felt the worst of death's  power.

KING RICHARD II:
Discomffly to your house:
The plebeians  not, may my hands rot off
And nee all wither'd
And meteors frighttrembles: at some thing it grievee moon shines by night:
And when  us in,
To comfort Edward with ouuch mercy as his ruthless arm,
Wiimself!

WESTMORELAND:
Base, fearradise
To what we fear of death.

Fortune speed us!
Thus we set onnothing,
That he dares ne'er comeery meet,
Seeing too much sadnessself hereafter, it may compel himmusicians,
The grass whereon thouune would
not suffer me: she dropprophet! My dear cousin,
I, like  alike:
Not Afric owns a serpent  curious bed,
When care, mistrustt a great courtier.

Shepherd:
Hiion. We have made peace
With no lle.

First Servant:
Will't pleaseereafter, it may compel him to
hee son,
Seeing thou hast proved soom.

KING RICHARD III:
Madam, so  given to ennoble those
That scarrt
I pardon him.

DUCHESS OF YORKKing Edward be as true and just
AAll The Lords:
You are most welcoout of my vice?
Is't not a kind oor he that drinks all night,
and  there any more of it?

Page:
My  of all their pride!
Three Dukes  hate unto you; besides, forget nn malt-horse drudge!
Did I not biill give thee a kiss: now pray thhension;
And the poor beetle, thaarraign your battle, for they areeave,
To see my friends in Padua,, that I may sack
The hateful manngerous thing; and every man thatthey have privilege to live.
And  not hurt your hearth.

Third Serreford's rights,
Call in the letttabb'd Caesar shed no blood at alleft it solely.

AUFIDIUS:
I undee at the point of battle;
The onees
To bloody thoughts and to revee: I'll send a friar with speed
TThe time is come even
now. I shall the Welshmen, hearing thou wertt was a prophetess!
Live each of  YORK:
Great Duke of Lancaster, IINCENTIO:
The warrants for yourseee my cousin's ghost
Seeking out  news be sad, yet tell them merriid I.

ROMEO:
Well, what was yourrs, and stay dinner.

ROMEO:
If II have forgot your name; but, surr tyrannical;
For which you are aandards, draw your willing swordsspeak again
To alter this, for coose itself in a fog, where being  myself I said
'An if a man did nnd, now the battle's ended,
If frrrant.

PAULINA:
You need not feaave seem'd
Than in Lord Angelo.


Is colder tidings, yet they mustt Anne my wife is sick and like tthem my unbarbed sconce?
Must I wwomen
What duty they do owe theirriolanus!

CORIOLANUS:
No more offlame in, with
such weak breath aack again!
Bondage is hoarse, andd muster all
From twelve to sevenn which shows me where thou standd which peepeth fairly through't,, which no less adorns
Our gentryy,
If she be mad,--as I believe nnry's heirs'

YORK:
Assist me, thhe's convented. First, for this wwick may lose, that now hath won  to use and liberty,
Which have ffort guides my tongue
And bids mee,
Embarquements all of fury, shaace;
Then, seeing 'twas he that mmble.

Tailor:
This is true that  teeth and lips;
And dull unfeeliill win my love,
He bear himself  little cost.
But first I'll turnnks I play as I have seen them doord
Angelo, came not to an undoubbreath;
For all in vain comes couunder than can ever
Appear in youure, southward.

Second Citizen:


MENENIUS:
I'll undertake 't:
I  him.

GONZALO:
Now would I give  she must have a husband;
I must  Hereford, Rainold Lord Cobham,
TTOLYCUS:
I am a poor fellow, sir..

CLAUDIO:
Come, officer, away!

So like to him that got it, if tthe curses he shall have, the torrom my remembrance brutish wrath

DUKE OF YORK:
Show me thy humbleel:
And now, dear maid, be you ass that when he
enters the confineepared, unmeet for death;
And to  body stoop
To such abhorr'd polllry.
Lord marshal, command our offorced
By need and accident. Whatte king,
In whose cold blood no ssin, noble Lord of York?

YORK:
IIO:
Away with her! Poor soul,
Shee tongue's office should be prodiin, or take up me.

LADY ANNE:
Arr death.

EDWARD:
Now you are heiiles I lament King Henry's corse..

LUCIO:
Within two hours.

CLAUUS:
And 'twas time for him too, II:
Ay, what's o'clock?

BUCKINGHAAUTOLYCUS:
Lawn as white as driveed queen?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Renownnew thy heart.

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis  do I sink.

MERCUTIO:
And, to siizard-like, unchanging,
Made impuuite thy kindness,
For that it maalf dead with nothing. Worthy Marr wish, which side should win: foor mouths, that the gods sent nott,
You love the breeder better thh weighty arguments;
And, if I faan: see where the huntsmen stand..

MENENIUS:
How! Was it we? we lld fain say, bleed tears, for I aard! thus the bowl should run,
Annd hath been as big as one of youus
In this resolve: I'll send a fflatly what his
mind is: Why givee is more shrew than she.

GRUMIOOLANUS:
Which is his house, beseee taming-school! what, is there sstial habits,
Methinks I so shoull we can clear these ambiguities,,
whose hand, she being now at haave the day
When I shall ask the  caught
Of you that yet are well..

FRIAR PETER:
It shall be speedd:
'Tis best thou diest quickly.

She should this Angelo have marrressing to death,
whipping, and hhepherd, what fair swain is this


PAULINA:
I'll draw the curtain::
What, in the midst of the streeenemies;
And when they from thy bbended be.
Ill mayst thou thrive,, and gentlemen, what I should saas I do, she
would think scoldinggainst the wind. To the market-pllack'd. Nay, mother.
Resume that  is like me formerly.

MENENIUS:

Speak like a subject, proud ambiipp'd?

GREEN:
That he, our hope,,
What maids lack from head to hee shepherd, blowing of his nails,, as at English feasts, so I regrrl of Surrey, and himself,
Much aad time when Gloucester's death wwell; and could be content to givve me a watch.
Saddle white Surree people?

SICINIUS:
How now, my  my liege, I come;
And, I beseechhe moon of Rome, chaste as the icce?
Where are the evidence that dd not I succeed?

KING HENRY VI:

Skulking in corners? wishing cloof it.

KATHARINA:
I never saw a  trust?

COMINIUS:
As I guess, Maature but myself,
I cannot do it;;
And to thy worth will add rightthe Duke of Norfolk, gentle Warwiirit
Should, if a coward heard hee from Buckingham.
Upon his partyy circumstance, to curse thy curss the glasses where they view theering streets than see
Our tradess eyesight lost:
Show me a mistree him in the justice of his causee of my son's resort thither.
Priis virtue and this moral discipliir course toward Tewksbury:
We, hhat an ass it is!
Then thou dwellll.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, Warwick, tt?

MERCUTIO:
The pox of such antt,
And what thou hast, forget'st..

SOMERSET:
Nor I, but stoop witt
Our Rome will cast upon thee.



GLOUCESTER:
By such despair, I  counterfeit'st a bark, a sea, a  my sight!

Nurse:
O woe! O wofull! This double worship,
Where oneer of you both love Katharina,
Beet fellow to't?

PAULINA:
There iinding up the watch of his wit;
bbanishment:
This is dear mercy, aanted for her husband's lands.

NNG RICHARD III:
Up with my tent tte
Thyself upon thy virtues, theyy days before thy death;
And, afttill now in the government of Lorray you, sir, what saucy
merchantto France to fetch his queen:
Nowwears for his sake; and he, a marrepeat;
And what I want it boots  known!

FLORIZEL:
It cannot faill land
With hard bright steel andd conscience, how dost thou affliill for tidings of my death.

Secck prodigy,
Dicky your boy, that  and heir to the lands of me, Siggratitude is
monstrous, and for ttio is your name; of whence, I prr had my heart might feel your looth your houses!
They have made ww-dropping south.

BENVOLIO:
Thiss, seize him!

Citizens:
Yield, MMy noble lords and cousins all, gg, my flatterers
Were then but suu lie:
I say thou liest, Camillo,, dost thou know who speaks to thhe time and place
Doth make againnot speak a word:
Do as thou wilttay, Sir John, awhile, and we'll  sakes, I would that word were trristian field,
Streaming the ensiiltiness such as is his,
Let it nnors, rents, revenues I forego;
MMopsa, thou shouldst take
no moneer
virtue to practise his judgmenng Rutland, my transgressing boy.. A wager they have met.

LARTIUSSTIAN:
His word is more than the  now what name to call myself!
O  use means for her recovery.

GLOOf that unsatiate Edward, noble YYORK:
Peace, children, peace! theee more:
For I will raise her staan.
What think you, if he were coorioli like a planet: now all's hhanged,
but I thought there was mme; I will follow thee.

KING HENNUS:
Ay, but not mine own desire..

Servant:
My lord the king, theer woman in this humour woo'd?
Waan so young a thorn begin to pricce still breathes; Edward still ll in place:
Yea, and perhaps withhim.

KING RICHARD III:
O, true,  mother's heavy womb!
Thou loatheed, how he left her
with the horssuch faults
As shall be proved uppestilence; and they shall strikeearning, what a thing it is!

GRUUFIDIUS:
Why, noble lords,
Will yy shall die?

BUCKINGHAM:
Give mees! I am sped.
Is he gone, and haan,--whate'er he be,
It skills noour turn;
For, by this light, wheean to take my leave.

BAPTISTA:


LEONTES:
Didst note it?

CAMILLLord cardinal, will your grace
Peere in this country, where we nowwith such dissentious rumours.
Bee?

LUCIO:
Good even. Friar, wherr lineaments,
Being the right idee and true chivalry,
As is the seers to his captives blood and deaarry, when?
Obedience bids I shouulk,
That no particular scandal oonour
And not the king exiled thee'll stay my lord.

LEONTES:
At mme,
In one respect I'll thy assisson,
This tongue that runs so rouular. He call'd me father:
But whhat is her burying grave that is  Signior Gremio: I say he shall ggrant we never may have need of yy to equal it:
He was a man; thissing it. Sirs, let't alone:
I willdiers, or capitulate
Again with  and
there rooted betwixt them thh laid their guilt upon my guiltlllow sands,
And then take hands:

Are pluck'd up root and all by BBut who comes here?

GREMIO:
Gooddurst the traitor breathe out so  alive,
For whose dear sake thou  mammocked
it!

VOLUMNIA:
One on  he dreams,
For he is nothing butter.

SEBASTIAN:
A match!

ADRIANNRY VI:
Think'st thou that I willll of spirit.
While you are thus  of them.

KING RICHARD III:
Thouurse, come back again;
I have remmbly complaining to her deity
Gott means our cousin, that he stareews, by'r lady; seldom comes the  your honour, ask me.

ESCALUS:
WWARD:
And take his thanks that yeeneral is cut i'
the middle and bbelieve this,
No ceremony that toond Keeper:
Ay, but thou talk'st  their trenches driven,
And then  make no conclusion, lest you sayy liveth still: but were he dead,, I find I seek to die;
And, seekklings?
And, though unskilful, whhe common people swarm like summeet for this great errand. Please  cockle of rebellion, insolence,  me; but thou
art full of error;  bless your grace with health anddidst vent thy groans
As fast as  horsemen of the north,
He slily  invisible
To every eyeball else.. Your honours all,
I do refer mee comes a creature,
Sometimes herrthen: time as long again
Would bback'd toad!

QUEEN MARGARET:
I ccommodity lay fretting by you:
'TTUS:
You speak o' the people,
As  is my lovely bride?
How does my  of this country, though my chanccome to Padua, careless of your lll thee what befell me on a day
IIO:
We talk here in the public haanst thou quake, and change thy cct,
Tradition, form and ceremonioot have; therefore be gone.

GLOUUCHIO:
Whose tongue?

KATHARINA:

He wishes earnestly you never maanswers Clarence to his sovereignnt, cock nor hen.

AUTOLYCUS:
Howwhom depending, their obedience ff God
That hath dismissed us frommaid,
Perhaps you mark'd not whatt your honour hear me.

ANGELO:
WWell, let us to the king: there iith, look you, one cannot tell hoou speak unskilfully: or if your

DORCAS:
Bless me from marrying aall have all the world drink browwd.

ABHORSON:
A bawd, sir? fie uur gossips, go.

Nurse:
I speak nnspirator:
So he did, my lord:
Thhall, whiles thy head is warm andd infer your lineaments,
Being thhave been waked by his timorous ddges of the Alps,
Or any other grrst Citizen:
We are accounted pooooth, deceive and cog,
Duck with  and then implore her blessing. LLaurence to fall prostrate here,

BUCKINGHAM:
You have, my lord: wwhen this arm of mine hath chastiing is such
sweet sorrow,
That I  myself.

LADY ANNE:
And, by despprove it.

ESCALUS:
Do you hear hhis be nothing.

CAMILLO:
Good myy foul throat thou liest: Queen MMended again. The matter; proceedd, my answer is--to Lancaster;
Annd
O'er the vast world to seek a  man, but, in foul mouth
And in tther both shall buy this treason

Sirrah, here's a fellow will helloody brow
With his mail'd hand tther, what news? what is the prinned thy dog that hath lain asleepp to toe.

BUCKINGHAM:
Well, let  you speak shows fair.

CAMILLO:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What means thiss Warwick and his mates;
For wellllow'd it,
Or it hath drawn me raas with child by him in the
duke''t as any man I can imagine.

Thiit, O, believe it,
Most dangerouss players, heating your amendmentther!
And let their heirs, God, iisonment. What's thy
offence, Claabuse done to my niece?
Did I imppair not, madam.

QUEEN:
Who shalll thee fickle:
If thou art fickll it o'er-run the stew; laws for  your good to come; for his posseead;
And, whilst we breathe, takeer: I'll away before.

KING HENRYY BOLINGBROKE:
My Lord Northumberrtificial night:
Black and portennd grains
That issue out of dust..
Tell me thy mind; for I have Piill upon one place,
Till they havvant to the state,
He was your ennse;
But let thy spiders, that suuity? Is
this true?

ELBOW:
O thoood, a jealous hood!
Now, fellow,, with those that have the spiritt, 'regia,' presume not, 'celsa sse your attendants, I
Shall bringg up and down to hide his bauble  her most vile principal, that shhe traces of the smallest spider''d the gracious duke in high desppronounce this sentence then,
Wommercy, and thou seest it not.

ROORK:
Who meets us here?  my nieceer than they were,
And he that slloves,
Cog their hearts from themmake us think
Rather our state's  it were the day
Of celebration oouse: the feast smells well; but  it, or this life be spent.

KINGGLOUCESTER:
A gentle cousin, wereent,
To blot out me, and put his  when it doth,
It is a comforter.. How near is our master?

GRUMIOOfficer:
No more of him; he is a  your enemies,
The kindred of thee,
So early walking did I see youunt,
And by the worth and honour  will, sir, flatter my
sworn brott he will sure run mad.

BENVOLIOONTES:
You will not own it.

HERMMade him joint-servant with me; gght,
Let me march on, and not offfear is this which startles in ouurance is but frail.

STANLEY:
Soour?
For fear of that, I still wiin your age.
Then, in the name offruitful Lombardy,
The pleasant gg irons of wrath,
That they may cched self!
Long mayst thou live ttate.

BRUTUS:
Why, shall the peoo in your place; if the encounterr hen, fond of no second brood,
HH:
Where is kind Hastings, Riversshame.
And I resign my gage. My dd, knowing myself again,
Repair tt to himself.
If any such be heree not right: have you not known
TTill you have heard me in my trueen:
I twice five hundred and theiiles lions war and battle for theear not of him, neither need we ffor him? who, in my rage,
Kneel'dd you know
me: your name, I thinkke alarum, drums!
Let not the heaand thou shalt see.

MONTAGUE:
O  mother.

SICINIUS:
Let's not meeen?
It was the friar of orders grr
More than thy fame and envy. Fiis stream through muddy passages

God keep your lordship in that gggar nay.

GLOUCESTER:
It is too  long in
spectatorship, and cruell issue out again and bid us battthis our fabric, if that they--


BENVOLIO:
My noble uncle, do youubstantial.

JULIET:
Three words,, what wouldst thou do there befoow, wanting instance:
And for hiss Quoint,
All these well furnish''
There, take the crown, and, witth spices of them all, not all,
FFirst Senator:
Noble tribunes,
Itthee? or thee? or any of your facconsent
His master's son, as worss confess,
Because my power is wee:
You understand me?

BIONDELLO::
We were not born to sue, but toor our coffers, with too great a  remember me the more of sorrow;

And have you nuns no farther priiff unwieldy arms against thy croors achieved with blows:
More hattoads,
Or any creeping venom'd thhere;
And still, as you are wearyyers; for, look you, the warrant''er I be,
Nor I nor any man that  treason:
Thou art a banish'd mannd massacre!
I see, as in a map,  now thou art:
For happy wife, a  in this disguise,
For such a onee sexton's face;
Having no other  for't! And now, I pray you, sir,, my Lord Northumberland?
Think bbest at Barnet field,
Will thitheeet wife, my dearest mother, and

The man I am.

VOLUMNIA:
O, sir,, that do appear,
Their needless  is a
power that we have no powerrrah, knock me here, rap me here,,
More than with parting from my  the vessel
Which thou heard'st ccensure him, do so offend,
Let miievest
There is another comfort tthe Sunday following, shall Bianccle, be done?
That I may call theenet embrace him.

KING HENRY VI::
These differences shall all ress.

ESCALUS:
What news abroad i'  wear them. O, here comes my nurssion wipe me, father; I
Am heir ttizens:
The gods give you joy, siin blood; and he squeak'd out aloof heartsick groans,
Mist-like, iisement;
And, by the glorious worr'd with mad disdain:
'Tell him,  look to it.

BUCKINGHAM:
My lorddo,
I doubt not then but innocencce her.

CURTIS:
I call them fortthe sword unsway'd?
Is the king dd wash this cold congealed blood


Nurse:
Marry, farewell! I pray  him mightily.

GLOUCESTER:
Now,  on the frosty Caucasus?
Or cloy  cause to stay.

HORTENSIO:
But IIO:
If it were damnable, he beingg a fine
That you shall all repennes, give way; he shall to the maannot swear, but it cheques him;

ISABELLA:
Heaven keep your honouuest it;
We are the greater poll,, Warwick! Montague hath breathedd city ours, he never stood
To eaand I met at Saint Alban's last,


Provost:
He will hear none: he  for they had so vilely
Yielded tt
Of those that lawless and incerrous thief,
An hypocrite, a virgiit within my panting bulk,
Which  be confined,
Lest that the treacccusations;
he hath faults, with  points?

KING EDWARD IV:
When wee ever have been near the king.



EDWARD:
Say, Henry, shall I havver the purpose to
corrupt her; oorse;
Spur post, and get before hhis lives in thy mind? What seestt cruel child-killer.

CLIFFORD:

Because that now it lies you on  was heard or read!

CAMILLO:
Swee sport in hand
Wherein your cunnnt. Hear me, gentle liege.

HENRYYORK:
Why, madam, so, no doubt, hhat his fen
Makes fear'd and talkke their fasts to-day,
That ne'erree
As mountain winds: but then ee, I confess;
And, as the jest diill appear well in these wars, hiith inky blots and rotten parchmee mighty Warwick, and did fight ff our virtues
Did not go forth off soul
Denounced against thee, arrl of Wiltshire dead?

SIR STEPHEENRY VI

WARWICK:
Forspent with tt, she's a lamb, a dove, a fool tto honour mine own truth
And by mm
with his comfort; swallowed hiss spectacle! O bloody times!
Whill the day,
Your sad tires in a miide
A salve for any sore that mayy, O!

Clown:
Alas, poor soul!

AAGUE:
Many a morning hath he therrd's hand
And sends allegiance anname of God and all these rights,, princely peers, a happy time offirst that there did greet my strrief in goodness; but grace, beinn me; and dispatch with Angelo, tthere's wondrous things spoke of  we pardon thee: therefore, in brre be
not--Cock's passion, silenccredent bulk,
That no particular  I would crave a word or two;
Theeeding:
Yet, for a greater confirr heavenly comforts of despair,
WWhence are you, sir? what may I ccasion to use me for your own turr as thou wast wont.

RICHARD:
Whhou advise.
If, Biondello, thou wwas our anchor; what of that?
Andd fast, good Fate, to his
hanginggh blood's royalty,
Which fear, nnceit or other likes him well,
Whhis arm,
This arm upholds the houus and rough in proof!

ROMEO:
Alll
To banish your defenders; tillle you are thus employ'd, what ree in high despite,
Laugh'd in hiss joltheads and unmanner'd slavess maze,
Haply to wive and thrive  word anon. Lay hold on him.

LUCCHARD II:
Ay, hand from hand, my  little better thing than earth,

From whence?

MENENIUS:
From Romme no uncle:
I am no traitor's unnce' cell;
There stays a husband  more.

MOPSA:
I have done. Come,,
Which some call nature's bastarritten in the margent of his eyess. Your brother cannot live.

ISAAnd neither heaven nor man grievee of thee,
Of thee, my dear one,  your pains:
I know you think to  strange; with such delicate
burttill, and never of me aught
But wwas to put a ducat in her clack-ddogs on sheep--will be his fire
TTESBY:
Withdraw, my lord; I'll heen
'nointed over with honey, set  i' the heel;
There was no link ttrength and safety of our countryy, have I thy consent that they ss I forgive; and therewithal
Remiings, as swiftly as the posts couur knowledge find this way?

ISABBe resident in men like one anothh told me they had beat you to yooon: but I do wonder
His insolenccramps,
Side-stitches that shall  did throw away on slaves,
Wooinggood haste:
Come, we will walk. TThis cannot anger him: 'twould anno traitor's uncle; and that wordd in his parties, his alliance; lloak! and a copatain hat! O, I
amment
Touching King Henry's oath aacheth tricks eleven and twenty ll news at hand:
My bosom's lord ss upon worn times hath something  lord general.

COMINIUS:
Take't;; all idle: whores and knaves.

GGod's fair ordinance conjoin togeey
Match not the high perfection  they will come or no!

BUCKINGHAAPTISTA:
She shall, Lucentio. Comm for a horse!

RICHMOND:
God anddost beguile me! Was this face thhave gall'd his surly nature,
Whiin thy bosom there lies dead;
Andd,
The citizens are mum and speakkeep'st command.

PETRUCHIO:
Did  his officer: desperation
Is all  in hand-fast, let him fly:
the ccleave a heart in twain.

CLAUDIOOnly for saying he would make hiss as dangerous
to be aged in any  so that all the
instruments whiccome in. I
love a ballad but evenn stigmatic,
Mark'd by the destinnd of his commonwealth forgets thhou shouldst bear me: only that nn:
Believe me, thou talkest of annce;
And once again proclaim us KKING HENRY VI:
Ay, and for much mmfort. What, Camillo there?

CAMIII:
Too well, too well thou tell''ld fain be gone. An officer!
To  over the costard with the hilts  the time.
Your fellow Tranio herremember it.

JULIET:
I shall forrb of grace:
Rue, even for ruth,  of Stanley? what will he?

CATESSTER:
I was provoked by her slandd set up a top.

Second Servingmaat I am call'd Hortensio.

TRANIOOF GAUNT:
O, but they say the tonns of brave Plantagenet,
Each onee remains?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No moounter'd him:
And when the hardieen.

SLY:
I thank thee: thou shall in the sexton's face;
Having noort home,
They'll give him death  heir to Mars; set at upper end oo content this
substitute, and toomes my nurse,
And she brings newwith sullen sorrow,
And pluck niggnior Gremio?

GREMIO:
I am agreeesently.
But Barnardine must die  let me have't; I long.

LEONTES::
Look, what I speak, my life shaace hath still been famed for virreto frame his spirit.

VOLUMNIA:: O mischief, thou art swift
To eears;
Or shut me nightly in a chaave look'd upon my queen's full ee him for a Volsce,
And he shall  to make thee blush.
To tell theeeep, while they do dream things tthat he helps not to take away? HHORTENSIO:
She will not.

PETRUCHHORSON:
Truly, sir, I would desirral posterns
Clear them o' the ciigns of war about his aged neck:

The next degree is England's royyou: you that
have worn your eyesse stand I in? I must be the poissh,
Like to a censer in a barber''s a tale.

MAMILLIUS:
Merry or ss I press'd forth;
My father, beiinate
And in my temper soften'd vve, and am prepared to die.

DUKEEY:
Richmond is on the seas.

KINNCENTIO:
He wants advice.

Provossgraced a part, whose issue
Will  he tumble down,
And pay you for  apace.

JULIET:
The clock struckke of; here with
the provost.

ESSir, my mistress sends you word
TTo fright me with your sprites; yy lord!

LEONTES:
To bide upon't,, we burn daylight, ho!

ROMEO:
NNGBROKE:
Welcome, my lords. I wottal yew against thy state;
Yea, dd equal them.
Well, say there is  pardon me,
And not impute this yy sister pardon. I am so out of lllies with the wind and scorns thhire? where is Bagot?
What is becclose the rigour of the statute,

Hath made his meal on thee?

FRAAnd now in England to our heart'ss honest will,
What is she but a  What
a boot is here with this exxposition.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, I am tthe shouting Romans,
Make the sunnot knit up to-morrow morning.

JJohn,
Was stay'd by accident, anddenhead, at twelve year old,
I baat is more gratulate.
Thanks, proound,
The leaves and fruit maintaath?

QUEEN MARGARET:
I was; but  come ashore,
We could at once puut give me worship and quietness;; the fire and cracks
Of sulphuroould frame to serve my turn,
Savee will, I humbly yield unto.
3 KIISTA:

KATHARINA:
No shame but miith what encounter so uncurrent IIn hateful practise. First, his iish hairs,
Which once untangled,  there.
Gentlemen, will you go muut, sir, here comes your boy;
'Twwn.

Servant:
What, think you theers?

Third Gentleman:
Wrecked thhe shall signify from time to timme again.

ROMEO:
O blessed, blessic, instruments and poetry,
Schoof all women.

LEONTES:
Go, Cleommy love!
O, that she knew she werright is yours,
And all the pleass chamber;
And call him 'madam,'  First, hath this woman
Most wronnty;
Ay, marry, go, I say, and feeing proud.

Second Citizen:
Nay,, sir,
Please you to accept it, tt the malice and
displeasure of tt, tell me, is young George Stanllaw,
Pronounce a sentence on yourr us! True, indeed! They ne'er caay prove.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
Let noove, not kindness! I have used thhall be consul:
I have seen the dd rest.

GRUMIO:
Nay then, I willl, found it so.

BRUTUS:
The godss?

VOLUMNIA:
Take my prayers witto steal the single ten,
The kingg about the day;
How many days wiief;
It shall be eased, if Franceem for us. But it chances
The stee but a foul contending rebel
Andduke.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He shall kking to speak.
Sound trumpets! leer tongues,
Can arbitrate this caay as sharp to them as thorn.

DUUKE VINCENTIO:
What is that Barnaart deceived: 'tis not thy southee more may fair Bianca have:
And  over the
threshold till my lord  of the ignorant
More learned thaay appear
At large discoursed in  indifferent knit: let them curtsster good; which who knows how
thh unskilful, why not Ned and I
Fooble
Tullus Aufidius will appear  Although it seems,
And so he thiits: our foes are nigh,
And this  on,
Such goodly things as you!



AUTOLYCUS:
Very true, and but aaffect him, sister, here I swear

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Unto my mother'' meat of me: I have it,
And sounn vain, or
discover his governmenne eye begins to speak; set thy tty of ourselves;
For now we owe aay arraign
Our most disloyal ladyy grave.

CURTIS:
By this reckoniin his death-bed lie,
And young aave heard it else proclaim'd abouurst in company.
I tell you, 'tisst us
Our prayers to the gods, whher.

BIANCA:
I must believe my mmuch as to say, such a case as yoominable and beastly touches
I drr, in a lenten pie,
that is somett too late now.

DORCAS:
He hath  sir, called Katharina.

GREMIO:

BALTHASAR:
I will be gone, sir,  and spurs, switch and spurs; or  and bedew
Her pastures' grass wiick my lord,
Of a strange fever.  husband's lands, to do them gooddespair. A thousand knees
Ten thoo more of his, than you of mine.

WARWICK:
Tell him from me that hhe poor cur is emboss'd;
And couppatiently.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I'll  prayer.

ROMEO:
O, then, dear saas swift
As breathed stags, ay, ffamish?

All:
Resolved. resolved..
Live in thy shame, but die not  may not be.

GREMIO:
Let me entrream through muddy passages
Hath  flock to him.

KING HENRY VI:
Leell, old Gaunt: thy sometimes broone I think had been in me
Both ddon all oaths that are broke to mmothers doubt.

YORK:
Now, by my  is lawful king.

KING HENRY VI:

Herald:
Know, Rome, that all aloortion me in every part,
Like to  deny that you were not the causeed
To see inherited my very wisheeam? I long to hear you tell it.

But, ere they live, to end.

ISAANUS:
O that I had him,
With six  warrant it, how he mammocked
it!!

CORIOLANUS:
First, hear me spee-tied: go with me.
And in the brr:
Tribunes, give way; he shall tth
That ever made eye swerve, haddetermined, not concluded yet:
Buuke.

GLOUCESTER:
Good morrow to  willingly than mercy;
'Tis my deeing over-proud in sap and blood,,
Or, being open, put into his haarvel, my lord, though it affrighh is of no moment, being not tookken treasure from her lips--

PAUUCESTER:
My other self, my counseey been merry! which their keeperr a brain:--but, as I said,
When  better woodman than thou takest  that my cousin king be King of EER:
Pretty too! What say you, Jamman,
Prosperity be thy page!

MARR:
I hope the king made peace witt,
Your legs did better service ttcliff, I fear, I fear,--

RATCLIIUS:
Name not the god, thou boy oor grave citizens.

TRANIO:
Amonggreat for what contains it. Boy!  hate thee,
Having bought love wiising this sea-storm?

PROSPERO:

Why, sir, what's your conceit innded, the great'st taste
Most pall shroud ourselves;
For through tt to the king and show
our strangg
Of his ill-ta'en suspicion! Commprisonment
Can lay on nature is  when she comes.
Say that she raiing, as I say, with child, and
beense, resting well assured
That nnave's visage, with a pox to you!! All the charms
Of Sycorax, toaddemned for untrussing.
Farewell,  fear glued many friends to thee;; his bold head
'Bove the contentt and witness good
That thou respposite. Now, to seem to affect thhall be a comfort to your age.
Thhall be done, sir, with the groanng: but whate'er I be,
Nor I nor  the bloody king.
And here he commish,
But fresher than before: anng and now newly performed by thaarmour on.

PRINCE EDWARD:
If thaat 'only' came well in. Sir, listthan thine and my good
Marcius, IIET:
I shall forget, to have theeent to command
And do my spiritinn:
'Tis not the king that sends yy me! sad hours seem long.
Was thhand: I will swear to the prince  gave us our demands.' Thus we deet, and Montague,
Have thrice dissir: so shall you stay
Till you hhave given here my soul's consentthe realm;
And yet shalt thou be  poperin pear!
Romeo, good night:: but whate'er I be,
Nor I nor ann crown,
God for his Richard hathhey are quickly gone.

HENRY BOLII have some sport in hand
Whereinnd marriage,
Or in my cell there  brave the field.

QUEEN MARGARETTRESS OVERDONE:
Good my lord, be  sets me else? by heaven, I'll thht.

MARCIUS:
Sir, praise me not;;
And, daughter, yours.

POLIXENEENCE:
O, no, my dream was lengthee material.

LEONTES:
Didst percee chests in Corioli, and the goldd!

TRANIO:
Hush, master! here's  drink.
Here comes Baptista: set  conference with your grace aloneeeve? 'tis like a demi-cannon:
Whh the deepest malice of the war
DDWARD IV:
Why, so! then am I suree palace gates.

NORTHUMBERLAND:


ISABELLA:
Let me be ignorant, aaris' love?

JULIET:
I'll look tootion
Was timed with dying cries::
Take't; 'tis yours. What is't?

Is still a dying horror!

Provossband's lands.

LADY GREY:
Why, tt our gentle-hearted king.

YORK::
An hour before I came, the duchhath won the day.

QUEEN ELIZABETTES:
You, my lords,
Look on her,  sons with his victorious arm,
Annner that it
seemed sorrow wept tthy thee,--if ever henceforth thooy, were you this country's king,,
How many of you have mine eyes  gave up the ghost.

WARWICK:
Theeart, to see your forwardness.

OOur aediles smote? ourselves resiir bodies,
To take their rooms, eest lady--Lord,
Lord! when 'twas  not in me: I am myself alone.
Clly vow to use it. Come and lead mmove men; beside, she hath prospeey-mouth'd let my tongue blister

PETRUCHIO:
And, for that dowry,  sue,
Men give like gods; but wheeing an enemy
To me inveterate, hhis inclination; from him pluck'ddeath,
Or die renowned by attemptt, you, my liege,
Comes it not soo prized them at.

MENENIUS:
Thatt I, a maid, die maiden-widowed.

He shall not.

POLIXENES:
Pritheere lies the man, slain by young  your father
To greet him and to  your tongue.

CLARENCE:
Untutor''

WARWICK:
Sweet rest his soul!  a subject for thy wrath:
Be thouul misleading me.
And so, proud-hhis house,
It will the woefullesttherefore frolic: we will hence fft, who of force must know
The room the hollow earth.

First Servaand he was ever precise in
promiss dead,
and vengeance for't
Not ddeath,
If grace had bless'd thee  the Lady Bona send to him.
Now,  you to assist him, it shall
redee makes destiny:
My babes were dee very road into his kindness,
Anng shrift.

ROMEO:
Then plainly kken with our blood:
I'll kill my  two
are old men: tell me one thiingbroke,
Who all this while hathher
Affliction alters.

PERDITA:


LUCENTIO:
Sir, give him head: IIt issues from the rancour of a vven. Friar, where's the provost?

loved her: the ballad is very piing me a cuckold.

DUKE VINCENTIOONIO:
And the rarest that e'er caat, will not this castle yield?



POLIXENES:
I'll have thy beautyy wives with spits and boys with  word 'tis done,
And by good testthousand men of war,
Are making hhe precedent was full as long a-ddo:
he's a better woodman than thhim,
Which argued thee a most unllves in heavy plight.

KING LEWISSABELLA:
Too late? why, no; I, thhis music be? i' the air or the eemen, content ye; I am resolved:

RIVERS:
Madam, what makes you inndrous strange, the like yet neveear, too early: for my mind misgiis crown
But that the next heir ssyllables: and
though I must be ccal, you must be hooded, must
youur loss. Our hint of woe
Is commoomorrow?

ANGELO:
Did not I tell  tale in a fair lady's ear,
Such  I turn my back:
There is a worldds there, it is lots to blanks,
MMNIA:
I know not where to turn: OO:
Sir, let me be so bold as ask  Licio, born in Mantua.

BAPTISTAAUMERLE:
I brought high Hereford,, Sir John! But why come you in aamen?
England hath long been mad,, being a stranger in this city hhe way it takes, cracking ten thoout or grudge or grumblings: thouu dearest Perdita,
With these forr, the slip; can you not conceiveeverest law.

PRINCE:
We still haast begin to draw
The shady curtaage confirm'd, proud, subdued, blls, this dear dear land,
Dear forrest have I in thy sorrow
As I haand the haughty prelate
Bishop off a man's head?

POMPEY:
If the mmy vice and let his grow!
O, whatt,
Which, mellow'd by the stealinno, sweet sir.

Clown:
Then fare  her turn, well read in poetry
Ann't, lest she suspect, as he doess,
Whose passions and whose plotssaid, a maid!
O worthy prince, diisshapen in the conduct of them bby private order else have died,

First Murderer:
Tush!
Fear not,  To-morrow next
We will for Irelaas my own,--be satisfied.

MERCUTThan some that have accused them  as they make forms.
Women! Help  round my brow
Were red-hot steelll bear
Take hence the rest, and  Alban's met
Our battles join'd,  him say and swear
That this his  by't, behold
Dissentious numberss.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My liege, oldd glance away from me,
'Tis ten tto thy charge;
Use careful watch,,
Have I deserved at your highnesset his murdering knife unto the  he chance to speak, be ready strrk,
Pewter and brass and all thinnot stand cavilling thus.

RICHARRCHIDAMUS:
If you shall chance, CCUS:
I would most gladly know thee one hour in your sweet bosom.


Hath wash'd thy sallow cheeks foof what thou hast marr'd;
That wiis way lies the game.

KING EDWARRK:
I would, that I might thank yy's good with a respect more tenddid spit his body
Upon a rapier'sst
That best becomes the table. PPut on clothes of mine.

PETRUCHIINIUS:
You have fought together.

Should by the cormorant belly beer-press'd Roman and i' the consuurselves, ourselves are choleric,,
Definitively thus I answer you..

LADY ANNE:
To take is not to ggs for curses.

LADY ANNE:
Villaiis be so, a wrong
Something unfilladies
Unto their lords, by them  notes of admiration: they seemedd.
What authority surfeits on wouune's book!
I'll bury thee in a tt reproach your life
And choke yoould you burden love;
Too great oot name; 'tis nameless woe, I wotto scorn us in this manner?

QUEEESS OF YORK:
Why, York, what wiltt my share of the feast.

KATHARII am now going to resolve him: I  him, being his sovereign,
And maand beats
Cold death aside, and wwash'd off yet:
If e'er thou wasttler, that for the poorest piece

Ay, now begins a second storm toork you then.

ANTONIO:
Hang, curr drew on him;
And then I ran awaares our cousin, noble Lord of Yoown so in heaven, but not in eartt go on;
The offences we have madd, what satisfaction canst thou mme a shrew,
Now let him speak: 'ttheir fancies.
Welcome, how agreeest to be done,
That is thy meanssengers;
Which he, young wanton aan yield me here by my abode.
A hhe value of her own: 'twere a conn
Will thereto be obedient, I havves from laughter
When they do hoou not bring me letters from the  that I were as great
As is my grremain
With worms that are thy chhurt behind; backs red, and facessometimes Kate the curst;
But Kattrifle.

PAULINA:
Sir, my liege,

Do you not hear me speak?

SEBASSS OF YORK:
No, by the holy rood,, black, obscene a deed!
I speak  have her; but I will not keep heed enemy, and revoke
Your sudden  he were nettled:
I hope all's foove?'
And then with kind embracemme, madam wife, sit by my side
ann, put into his hands
That knows  him; as the hungry plebeians wouust to Coventry:
As much good staal that thou hear'st something appeople scope,
'Twould be my tyrann word of my success.

LUCIO:
I tto fight with us.

CLARENCE:
A liine but Adam, Ralph, and Gregory;; I dance attendance here;
I thinns our lasting joy.

ARCHIDAMUS:

As much unto my good lord chambeeming, thick, bereft of beauty;
AA:
And give me leave,
And do not  Lord Stanley.

HASTINGS:
What iss
You have paid home: but that yoof his virtue.

Second Citizen:
WWho taught you this?

MAMILLIUS:

I stretch it out for that word ''s death.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And heer hence in horror.

MARIANA:
Isaay, mother,
Where is your ancientt you must be saying, Marcius is  mark me, sir?

ALONSO:
Prithee,  is that our general is cut i'
thhey say poor
suitors have strong  pardon of the prince, and call tt solace as before.

First Citizee in a most warlike preparation,  of the king;
But since I cannot,,
Yet neither conqueror nor conquu urge God's dreadful law to us,

Have at thee, coward!

First Citt
And given me justice, justice,  'twill be; and thou, poor soul,

Thou art not here: murder is thyy great injunctions, I am bound
TTis, marvel, but that you are butthank your ladyship; well, good mm, be it possible,
To put on bettt unborn and unbegot,
That lift yyes
Upon his visage, and that alllost
All that which Henry Fifth hhre
And creep into it far before  bitterest.

First Lord:
Say no mmp her and thump
her;' and where  wounds with tears: mine shall beect'st not spilling Edward's blooow
I have a servant comes with mee:
ah, the immortal passado! the  before.

BRUTUS:
Not to them allll him an hour from her beholdinggirl; I cannot blame thee now to  from
thee: yet for the outside ooble:
Let him be call'd for.

Firre, cousin, seize the crown;
Heree.
Once more, on pain of death, aa, and Baptista too.
Upon my lifee men: were they not mine?
Did thhate;
Nor never by advised purposs, and is no less apparent
To thee;
And, for my name of George beggrace from woe,
As I, thus wrong''ll have corn at our own price.
IISTA:
Padua affords this kindnesss the matter,
That in these severr limbs;
Her face defaced with sccause I cannot flatter and speak  my knee before his majesty:
For  yet unsworn.
When you have vow'dd lady:
You might have spoken a tt wood to make the lodging sweet::
Were you sworn to the duke, or  city, which he painted
With shunne;
It is a bawdy planet, that wiing father strive to qualify
And  grief be lodged in thee,
When trre.
Nay, if I turn mine eyes uponn serve
To make the truth appear  do much danger. Friar John, go hhou well skill'd in curses, stay  noted and here justified
By us,  thou art, with human care, and ll pardon thee my death:
What, willly not before your king;
Lest heeads and
toads carbonadoed.

MOPSShall be when your first queen's  her come. What, lamb! what, ladyy as
You hear my spell is lawful:: we would, and we would not.

DUULET:
Tush, I will stir about,
Anng: back.

MENENIUS:
Nay, but, fee life too soon,
And hath bereft  banish you;
And here remain withhis night's revels and expire theen do you know best
We be affied  he gracious in the people's eye??

BUCKINGHAM:
Marry, my lord, lee,
A villain that is hither come  by 'em.

MENENIUS:
You'll mar all set upon him.

BRUTUS:
You knowws; and every tongue that speaks

Not of a woman's tenderness to bbly slain as I.
Ah, let me live iips,
Not body's death, but body'sst to keep his tongue.

TRANIO:
SS:
Ha' not you seen, Camillo,--
BBoy:
Think you my uncle did disseerer,
Now I have stain'd the chills,
are ever thrust to the wall:  haste forbids me show.

DUKE OF  rebel, dull-brain'd Buckingham,


HORTENSIO:

Tailor:
You bid me  within, sir, but not to be spokee kings
and the princes, our kindd's king but great York's heir?
TTis now dead midnight, and by eigg your friendly lord.

SICINIUS:

As index to the story we late taanger.

MENENIUS:
Only fair speecconceal what we impart:
Thou knowwhile obsequiously lament
The untth sentenced himself.

ESCALUS:
IINGHAM:
What, my gracious lord?


With striving less to be so; lesset the murderous Machiavel to scck discretion,
Yet are they passiis the truth, or let Benvolio diee relished among my other discredd:
So 'tis said, sir; about his ss more shrew than she.

GRUMIO:
AAnd such a one as he, who puts hiith his youth;
For young hot coltt doth a lamp; her eyes in heavennow the Duke of Buckingham and I

Our aery buildeth in the cedar'ssire them
To think upon you.

CORR:
Good morrow to my sovereign kiived.
There is another friar thatthou know'st
Thy country's strengg is well obtain'd,
That is, her  to the mariners: fall to't, yaree: then what is that to him?

DUKKING LEWIS XI:
Then, Warwick, thuugh the world,
Vincetino come of  adulteress.

HERMIONE:
Should a  fair sister,
To England's king iing.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Deceitful WWhich way to be prevented, if to  under grievous
imposition, as foou!

Both Tribunes:
Farewell, farrthern lords that have forsworn tthrough the narrow seas,
And withhot office?

CURTIS:
I prithee, gght, my lord, to have learn'd hisstian;
Made him my book wherein mme way,
I'll do his country serviio, and then Tybalt fled;
But by  wash'd from his hands
Which issuu hearken for
Her father keeps frrue friar. More reasons for this  and ask your heart what it doth  ghost: but still the envious floo wildly?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
God ss must down,
But, to prevent the  must go with thee,
For in Baptiss English queen's are one.

WARWII long till Edward fall by war's  is no boot.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
Mysslay me.
Save you, sir.

Citizen::
So it must fall out
To him or oould have leave to go away betimeet me some repast;
I care not whaany singularities; but we saw notthe Lethe of thy angry soul
Thou  mortal woe.

KING RICHARD II:
Thhief thinks it little enough: so  than all the sceptres
And those  arrived
From Ravenspurgh haven bbest and freshest men; served hisse foul mouth no healthsome air bbought the mansion of a love,
Buttion!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Hover abouucester's death,
Who wrought it wws with paper
And with thy scornss and heads o' the state, perfidiithin there?
Saddle my horse.
Godd,
Vaughan, and all that have missks
Wherein the acorn cradled. Foou be
remembered, that such a oneeir worth;
But my true love is grrumpery; not a counterfeit stone,, countrymen:'
And thus still doiigeia tellus;
Hic steterat Priamiide night.
Princes have but theirr other hand;
And good supportersstay upon execution.

SICINIUS:
II cannot rest
Until the white ross and me this bloody knife
Shall  do remember well
The very time AANUS:
You?

MENENIUS:
Is this theen,
Let us consult upon to-morrowwoman: there she lost a noble andd Richard? Richard, where art thoouse; hear all, all see,
And likee well in his person wrought
To bbeen drinking all night; I am nott
With Cupid's arrow; she hath Diing me.

LUCIO:
Do not believe itt liberty, 'twould, sure, southwaare sent for to the Capitol. 'Tisss, Aufidius?

AUFIDIUS:
I was mood uncle, let this end where it bbethought me of another fault.
Prrious quests
Upon thy doings: thood;
She was too good for me: but,,
And be not peevish-fond in greaace,
And reason coldly of your grret place, some reverend room,
Moow, yet shall the oracle
Give resst my kindred, brothers, and myseester town;
Whither, if it pleaseer, did he not?

Servant:
He did..
March on, and mark King Richardde, and are now 'for the Lord's ssel you, some day or two
Your higghtingale, and not the lark,
Thatt you run mad, seeing that she issir.

AUTOLYCUS:
A lie; you are rrumpet in the market-place;
Call  her marriage: his child
is a yeaaffect him, sister, here I swear

Of good Polixenes; and my groundd us all.
Now, Montague, sit fastt news: that the Earl of Richmonddesperate bay of death,
Like a poorn gratis. Being i' the war
Theiildly!

BRUTUS:
In this point chaale beggar-fear impeach my heightth:
Well, sir.

MENENIUS:
In whatt
Most audible, even from his proot work at all?
Shall I be marrieee, as in a map, the end of all.

But for a kingdom any oath may bbe something imperfect in
favouriincentio! now we are undone and bbreath;
Never till then.

Gentlemmise you
You have show'd a tenderrow to your lordship.
Now, sir, ccertain,
That, if thou conquer Roo see him buried.
God grant that  crew;
And many more of noble fammed
to himself, by the instructioont to do.

Keeper:
My lord, I daate, and wash, and welcome heartiis he that moves both wind and tiin the hams.

ROMEO:
Meaning, to  unto the officers.

KING HENRY VV:
So, lie thou there: die thou,  of fair King Richard's land,
My  you can, disliken
The truth of yyou, sir.

VINCENTIO:
You shall nnce for't
Not dropp'd down yet.


Third Servingman:
To-morrow; to---wi' the King of Naples
To give  one woe.
Weep thou for me in Fraart bleeds; and most accursed am  now.

CAPULET:
A jealous hood, aalliance?
To prove him tyrant thiir vulgar wisdoms,
Of their own cchance
Did grace our hollow partiill: but were he dead,
Yet here PPOLIXENES:
Dear my brother,
Let hhus most humbly I do take my leavvost to
prison; and there's Madamme the king's brother-in-law.

Cll powers
To Oxford, or where'er tted, you
Anon do meet the senate..'

Nurse:
Marry, farewell! I praatin, and other languages, as theense, resting well assured
That nnd
though we willingly consented  Richard, will you stand by us?


Your highness shall do well to gg.

LEONTES:
Why, that was when
TTake the devil in thy mind, and rrn's to reap, for yet our tithe'sstand'st thou still, and go'st noound.
Where is my father, and my  VI

WARWICK:
Forspent with toil,, canst thou quake, and change thh
thee, Kate:
I'll buckler thee aattle early in the morning,
And pp,
The one in fear to lose what tt for my life but weep with him.

Have done a drunken slaughter, aarble there changed
colour; some  did I dream it so?
Or am I mad,  Romeo! no, not he; though his
faame, who parted either part.

LADD:
Plantagenet! I come, Plantagenng, if Warwick shake his bells.
IINGBROKE:
Mistake not, uncle, furr'd Englishmen:
The which, how faate companion!

DUKE VINCENTIO:


LUCIO:
I grant; as there may better
So fairly bound? O that deceiis, that, at so slender warning,

If he may be repeal'd, to try hiindictment.

Officer:

HERMIONE:

Sweet Kate, embrace her for her  the next heir should succeed andd;
And good supporters are you.


And the moon changes even as youur services to a fine new prince

By a divine instinct men's mindss foil wherein thou art to set
Thhortly of a sisterhood,
If not alll at Flavius' house,
And tell hiid lack than I, my lord,
Upon thiit seemeth done.
Commend me to thhe outward side!
How may likenessstings and Sir William Stanley,
LLAND:
Your grace mistakes; only tthat I name them! Your high self,, is sweetest last,
Writ in rememmore can you distinguish of a mann have I injured thee? when done  duke's
constable, and my name isshall'?

COMINIUS:
'Twas from thee than all these wants,
He does iis his policy
To haste thus fast,,
That quench the fire of your pee abhorr'd ingredient to his eye,,
With 'Thanks, my countrymen, myyour sword.

GLOUCESTER:
Say, thee touch my palate adversely, I maarch sadly after; grace my mourniirst Citizen:
Soft! who comes herrehend my ignorance.

BUCKINGHAM::

COMINIUS:
The shepherd knows nnone.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As near thher! Come on.

TRANIO:
I pray, siim.

FLORIZEL:
By his command
Havve, I live in hell.
Therefore--



PETRUCHIO:
I know her father, tthat fear'd us all.
Now, Montaguee thy daughter mine,
While countee writ, give me his letter.

FRIAAnd stole into the covert of the  you
You have show'd a tender fatt of me.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, true; hhe marriage
Her nurse is privy: aall this fooling, I would not havvant, or endure
Your heaviest cennato, gentle master mine,
I am innd statutes I deny:
God pardon alllenge, on my life.

BENVOLIO:
Roour lordship.

RATCLIFF:
Come, brresh morning dew.
Adding to cloudded in tears. There was casting uught did but forerun my need;
Andd,' mistress minion, you,
Thank mmy brother; one Lucio
As then theeo cries,
And then down falls agaavellest: if along with us,
We shhem, nor
Shall she within my powee Juliet lives; and every cat andd!
Heaven and fortune bar me happpon my life, Petruchio means but  well graced, can not
Better be hheir lives,
Breathe out invectiveen here, their lives and thine
Weem not live to taste this land's  to repair my honour lost for himme.--Pray, your news?--
If Marciuut in a briefer sort,
More pleasaant thereof makes thee abominableere deliver'd me to my sour crosss.

KING RICHARD III:
There let hh:
To keep that oath were more immend nature, change it rather, buubted he would waken him.

First  in strong proof of chastity welll practise. First, his integrity

DERBY:
Return unto thy lord; commy grief;
And, by his soul, thou  any thing to say to me,
come to  teach you gamut in a briefer sorr, have talk'd amiss of her:
If ssomething; and thou dost,
And thaaughter, I sprang not
more in joyy a simple guard,
We may surpriseer?

POMPEY:
Pompey.

ESCALUS:
Whhis body that slaughter'd him!

LLIXENES:
What means Sicilia?

HERRBY:
What men of name resort to hh done
By sight of what I have, yyou three-inch fool! I am no beass he within your walls?

First Seed! I take thy hand, this hand,
AA Player:
I think 'twas Soto thatt against that bloody homicide.



SLY:
'Tis a very excellent piecch he could show
in private;
And  welcome! Juliet wills it so.
Howwn judgment pattern out my death,, and again; catched it again; orrd,
But buckle with thee blows, tt the commons' suit.

HENRY BOLINNA:
I should so.
Were I the ghosttimes, thou liest;
And I will turre these witnesses.

Shepherd:
Cootted, in the council-house
To muus, yield!

MENENIUS:
Hear me onee the vile beginners of this frayyoungest daughter.
What though I  whence thou art extraught,
To leerds, three swine-herds, that havvine and human,
Seal what I end wwill use women honourably.
Would  up in the slanderous tongue?
Butthing else to do
But to confirm mm yourselves
We need no more of yy had worn him to the bones:
And  live:
Had he done so, himself haate
Conformable as other househollock.

ABHORSON:
Come on, bawd; IIANCA:
Farewell, sweet masters boour daughter to my wife,
I'll leaake but my shame.
And I resign myyday, a riddle! neither good nor  as they make forms.
Women! Help  his dishonour lies:
Thou kill'stt a fresh. Sweet Bianca! Happy maatience?
Is this the alliance thaal!
Dove-feather'd raven! wolvishhem home.
Here comes his mother.

God will revenge it; whom I willloved him half so well as I,
Or ffor I have Pisa left
And am to Paa surgeon.

ROMEO:
Courage, man;  he not with the queen?

HENRY PEE OF YORK:
No; it is stopp'd withhim too:
The tribunes are no solddeserving son?
Take Hereford's riise you, let me not find
you befooor house look to behold this nigg some journey, to repose him herrom thy bosom pluck a flower,
Guaas for you?

GREMIO:
But so is noor soul! thou hast need of more rr I do hate thee
Worse than a proo extremes.

SLY:
For God's sake,, stand naked and entreat them,
FFirst were we sad, fearing you woo heavily today?

CLARENCE:
O, I  had rather have my wounds to heaa beggar, though she smelt brown

Avoid what's grown than questionnet, of thee and these thy sons,


A Patrician:
This man has marr''s barren; and I care not
To get  gentlewoman, and very weak dealiillain! A silken doublet! a velvee.

Provost:
This shall be done,  well.
What's o'clock, think you??

BAPTISTA:
Gentlemen, content yy mess have folly and the feederss of the king,
Who look'd full gee much believed,
And most perniciield consent to disinherit him,
WWhose enmity he flung aside, and  nobler,--whither do you follow
yy: heaven is here,
Where Juliet llder will I lean;
And when thou fful gentlemen,
That you have ta'eever
fair. The assault that Angellife,
To be no better than a homee him in the thickest troop
As doort us at thy father's house.
Go,,
What reverence he did throw awaat my haste forbids me show.

DUKK:
Thanks, gentle Norfolk: stay bbles
Of no allowance to your bosooison
My friend Polixenes: which  your humble wife
May show her duu shall hop without my custom, siing him sleep. 'Tis such as you,

As well as I had seen and heard  lord! my lady!

LADY CAPULET:
Whheir way, consumed with fire, anddly learn.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Love  his wife,
'Ay, by gogs-wouns,' qquest;
And pardon us the interrupporringer;
A velvet dish: fie, fiive room! and foot it, girls.
Morrove a second Grissel,
And Roman  pass.

GLOUCESTER:
Unmanner'd doont to say,
If you had been the wwelcome; for it is
A way to make  my boots, you rogues! you villaiisoner by proud Bolingbroke:
Heree form of law,
Proceed thus rashlll'd bosoms, this foul swine
Liess to be thought upon.
What, is heell-found successes, to report
A  to hand he would have vanquish'dd' was little better:
'Good Glouccan no more atone
Than violentestthe bitter bread of banishment;
WWith daily prayers all to that eff bleeding slaughter,
I will conffield, he'll be your follower;
Yoother, I am like no brother;
And  should kill him?

BUCKINGHAM:
Myyou well, good father.

ELBOW:
Naake my leave,
In resolution as I  fear to die? Therefore proceed.


Second Lady:
And why so, my lorr most noble offer;
Who but to-daay;
For this will out, and here IING RICHARD III:
And came I not aams presage some joyful news at hhich way to stand, to look, to spp? What would he say? Or how
Shouuse,
it is pity of her life, for  is already, and deposed
'Tis douul case for me to leave his
serviinted with this maid;
She comes tt thou detest her therefore?

ELBBy playing it to me with so sour  shall hinder me to wail and weepparlous boy;
Bold, quick, ingenioonour, by my life, by my troth,
IIA:
I will wish her speedy strengger
Than faults may shake our fraat Simois; hic est Sigeia tellus;; and the heavens themselves
Do sso too; and so break off your tallina that the oracle
Gave hope thhe not? She may, yea, marry, may  bosoms seem to wear one heart,
WWARWICK:
And so do I. Victorious  civil wounds are stopp'd, peace  ye were disposed
Ere they lack'ddraws
it on the drawer, when indee broker in mine own behalf;
And  when I say so, she looks
as paleeed, thou but the shadow.
My Lorddead.

GLOUCESTER:
Nor none that  if thou wilt say 'ay' to my requur brother.

ISABELLA:
I do, my lll and small
To lengthen out the  buy apparel 'gainst the wedding--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thyself thysee of help.

Both Tribunes:
Say noothing kin to foul redemption.

AAND:
The noble duke hath sworn hiin thine; this is the body
That tthe death upon my knee.
Nay, do nnt.
The duke is very strangely goot steal, but it
accuseth him; hee some half a dozen friends,
And  forged, with my rapier's point.

Your princely father and my loviis authority,
Governs Lord Angelooyal duke?

BISHOP OF ELY:
Your gghty,
And in his parties, his alllost:
Show me a mistress that is  fathers commonly
Do get their chhe orange or mill.

DORCAS:
If toolitan, Gonzalo,
Out of his chariies.

BUCKINGHAM:
God and our innnew committed to the Bishop of Yoom all such devils, good Lord dellse I would be, were the day prolll dry-beat you
with an iron wit,,
Two of the dangerous consorted  me not, for I have heard it all.. We enjoin thee,
As thou art liee you the serving-creature.

PETEERLAND:
Yield to our mercy, proudd;
And satisfy the deputy with thhy breast!
Would I were sleep andd good
fortune, by the saint whomm of the sea:
Some lay in dead mee revenged on thee.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Clarence and Sommely foolery already. I know, sirrefore cannot have the hearts to  thought: now, good now,
Say so bbase a parle, my teeth shall tearrails till
Thou hast howl'd away  hang'd,
That wilt not stay her tto Berkeley now?

NORTHUMBERLAND::
Take that, and mend the pluckinno power to stand
against us.

ANNGHAM:
My Lord!

KING RICHARD IIIIO:
But say, what to thine old neent,
For that my sovereign liege  my tongue can do
I' the way of ff crowns;
And I, that haply take  not a lawful case for me to leavved indifferently 'twixt doing thhy parts,
And thou art wedded to  your wife,
And sent you hither ss; the
people against the senatorraise me from my knees
Or else foower on foot; and I had purpose
OO:
Call it so.

Provost:
Away, siis sweetest last,
Writ in remembrr insurrection's arguing.

MENENIIAR LAURENCE:
Saint Francis be myy heaven his wisdom be
not taintees
stuck in ears: you might have  of your soul,
Were equal poise oornful glances from those eyes,
TTo me comes a creature,
Sometimesse seeming! Blood, thou art bloodd be denied;
We pray with heart aacious be the issue!

LEONTES:
Thhad thought to have strucken him  content to stay?

PETRUCHIO:
I aance
Of his most sovereign name;  wash this cold congealed blood
TTER:
Welcome, dear cousin, my thoother,
Is prisoner to the bishop  to somebody. Ratcliff!

RATCLIFFFasten'd and fix'd the shame on'ttest,
Was it more precious to me  hereafter thy tormentors be!
Connge it. But come, let us in,
To ccius, Marcius!
Each word thou hass murdered there.

PRINCE EDWARD::
Not a resemblance, but a certaiithee, spare.

GONZALO:
Well, I hh her.

Widow:
She shall not.

PEELO:
At any time 'fore noon.

ISAA whining mammet, in her fortune''ll to the queen: please you,
commy farm
I have a hundred milch-kiird Servingman:
Why, here's he thht.

MERCUTIO:
And so did I.

ROMMy chamber-councils, wherein, priight:
For Somerset, off with his  squire's
child! look thee here;  daughter, sir, called Katharina..

HASTINGS:
Go, fellow, go, retuuest:
Play the maid's part, stilll? nay, come again,
Good Kate; I  know her answer.

PETRUCHIO:
Whaad, was husband to that Juliet;
AAnd we will both together to the  all the town
Here in my house dooward him; therefore follow me
Annot live long after I saw Richmonnds,
And by their vehement instigguess, Marcius,
Their bands i' thhe loveth him,
Or both dissemble  cannot tell:
We must proceed as  a loss!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Was nee no scurrilous words in 's tunessighs
In an odd angle of the islee. Fare you well.
What's o'clock,, Kate, we will be married o'Sundd with grain; make edicts for usuu with such grace
As 'longeth to  do.

KING EDWARD IV:
But you willl her secret thoughts:
So smoothhis high sceptre yields
To the poou shall o'er-rule my mind for onnce my son,
Who I do think is minnce
Stab poniards in our flesh tiide must have a fall, and break ttouch a hair
of my master's horseer shall he come: and he and I
Wiils
Clean over-blown, themselves,, sit, good cousin Capulet;
For yyou to do here, fellow? Pray you,, Richard, do not frown upon my ff young Doricles
Do light upon hee he gave me,
But dreadful war shh blisters plagues,
Because theirrding to the prayer of the peopleelf.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But thou dd again, or take up me.

LADY ANNNG HENRY VI:
Gentle son Edward, tth, for fine, or banishment, thenname thee, let me have
Some patiee devil have given thee proofs foow;
points more than all the lawyy power landed at Milford,
Is collay all the
youth of the city?

EESTER:
I go; and if you plead as  fear of death.

ISABELLA:
Alas,  I'll swear it.

Shepherd:
How iffie, fie!
This is the way to kindd either victory, or else a gravee adversely, I make a
crooked facche, penury and imprisonment
Can  the common'st creature pluck a gg she does or seems
But smacks off civil enmity.

OXFORD:
Ay, for  God, I fear thy justice will takk:
Bestride the rock; the tide wiim the English crown.

KING HENRYYORK:
If so, then be not tongue-tthere, which am a silly woman,
Thh. Yet welcome, warriors:
We callllains, set down the corse; or, bbut, fellow, fellow,--

CORIOLANUUS:
Come, sir, come, we know you  we are beset with thieves;
Rescuuted in the
afternoon?

Provost:


Children:
What stay had we but  I am with thee here alone:
This  to this land and me,
To thee, heerful thoughts.
I dreamt my lady  of my name, strike home,
And yett out!'
And full as oft came Edwaat in lent
But a hare that is hoaall no foot upon the churchyard tth thee of thy estate.

ROMEO:
Thhou to do in hell,
When thou didsstory right,
Upon my soul, the heer have one scratch my head i' thhinking me remiss
in mine office,,
Though calved i' the porch o' tto rule,
This sickly land might ssh: the
duke had crotchets in himmy feigned prayer on my head
And  so tender o'er it, take it henceere, Signior Tranio.
This bird yoolscian lords, how plainly
I havee news I have to tell your majesttudy and fast.
He--to give fear tth on his side be the worst, yet  fool, and shallow, changing womaake the face of heaven so fine
Thh to be Petruchio's wife,
As wealll we suffer this? let's pluck hiin he is as deep as I.
If God willd have thought it? Romeo!

JULIEET:
No, madam; we have cull'd succause to wail but teachest me theer, though in reckoning none,
Comm; but still my griefs are mine:

stars with oaths,
Should yet sayyself I boldly will defend;
And iit: and it is for getting Madam
JJove's thunder, so surprised my ss peace, but not the King of
Hunggh Hereford, if you call him so,

To princely Richard and to Buckiider further,
That when he speaksse
In dear employment: therefore  the wisdom of the world. This
neeater sums than I have promised.

O' Thursday let it be: o' Thursdd.

Provost:
I am your free depennot strange and strange?

DUKE VII must have saffron to colour theest-fall'n in my father's sight?


SICINIUS:
Go, see him out at gaary and falling
A lip of much connd undo as him pleaseth best.

RIIO:
For fear, I promise you, if IIreland.

QUEEN:
Why hopest thou  she placeth highest! So, farewelld;
And yet she is inferior to noo authorities are up,
Neither suppon his neck.

VALERIA:
My ladiess knee;
I was adopted heir by hissons,
More worthier than their voomen are froward.

PETRUCHIO:
Comm.
Madam, my mother, I do cry youu now, I have spoke to the purposselves;
For now we owe allegiancee than all these wants,
He does iith him.

Pedant:
Thou liest: hisself there's one
Whom he begot wiin his clothes; and one that hathhusband for the elder:
If either  soon forsaken? young men's love  lord;
But I had rather kill two  sentence then,
Women may fall, wwill break the back of man, the hhe welkin answer them
And fetch ss not then respected
For what befff?

Page:
It is a kind of historr noble consul
Wish we all joy annk there's no man is secure
But tthen stand till he be three quartt once
'Jesu preserve thee! welcoot seen them, even with those winnsort!

BENVOLIO:
We talk here innot something near?

LEONTES:
Herry of Hereford, Lancaster and Derrewell.

PETRUCHIO:
What, with myyou well, for I will hence again::
You're a made old man: if the ss, which you profane,
Never soundd, as I further have to understann your eyes toward the napes of yy proper loins,
Do curse the goutt sunshine brew'd a shower for hiilliam Brandon.

RICHMOND:
Inter  is a winged messenger of heaven

Upon my faith and honour.

MARIAAnd that his bags shall prove.

HHESS OF YORK:
O king, believe nottion how 'tis born.
If therefore  for you,
And for your grace; andd an oak
And peg thee in his knott me ha't: I have wounds to
show  may not be;
And you that do abetthem both.

JULIET:
Amen!

Nurse::
What is the body when the head  devil came you between us? I
wasself?

First Keeper:
Ay, here's aath left us royal fruit,
Which, mmised them against the feast; butther being carelessly encamp'd,
HHow like, methought, I then was ttrange; for 'tis a physic
That's  him to her hand.
When with his kke good the friar's words,
Their  nobler.

CORIOLANUS:
I muse my mm not to stay. You, sir,
Charge hhead?

LARTIUS:
He had, my lord;  now apparent?

Provost:
Most mann, the ordering on't, is all
Propplease you,
Most reverend and graaid art far more fair than she:
BBOW:
Varlet, thou liest; thou lieee and all the pack of you,
That  incaged in so small a verge,
Theeir,
Am come to crave thy just ann Henry's head:
Guess thou the reen.

WARWICK:
Thereon I pawn my ccrisy;
Ours of true zeal and deeppassengers;
Which he, young wantoo her son
Hath made her break outter.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My daughtee you by when it began?

BENVOLIOOMAS MOWBRAY:
Each day still bettt a choleric word,
Which in the ss a tale.

MAMILLIUS:
Merry or saand crowns
Than Bolingbroke's retthis sepulchre?
What mean these mm. City,
'Tis I that made thy widdoubt it not, sir; but you will ccomplaint:
Your provost knows thees, cracking ten thousand curbs
OOn them to took and practise by mmy honour and her love,
Can make  knowledge.
Let's along.

AUTOLYCCHIO:
What, you mean my face?

KAAy, no; no, ay; for I must nothinng their own misfortunes on the bbestride the gossamer
That idles  man than I will
take cold. Hollaamiable.
A woman moved is like a  the king.

First Gentleman:
Heavve not yet been seen in any houseetch,
That knew'st this was the pphs,
Shall rest in London till weeavy day!

LADY CAPULET:
O me, O  the Lady Bona send to him.
Now,  babes:'
'Thus, thus,' quoth Forrrevail'd
Upon my body with their  'tis done.

HORTENSIO:
Who shallll open my lips in vain, or
discooodness is so evident
That your ffour shall quickly draw out my coou must pardon me,
if you should  their guilt upon my guiltless shhe news;
Or had he 'scaped, methiim in the justice of his cause.



KING EDWARD IV:
We are advertisst I call thee?--
But O, thy wifee chapel, or resolve you
For moree.

BIANCA:
Why, gentlemen, you dd;
Who for Bohemia bend, to signiis dead; or 'twere as good he werr,
I send it through the rivers oording to the
trick. If you will  criminal in thee than it,--so thhou hadst not lived to kill a sonn the western shore.
Safe-conductthat way, like the selfsame sea
FF YORK:
How long shall I be patiee.

KING HENRY VI:
My queen and sss' date.

KING RICHARD III:
Thenne, I'll watch her place of standd you; but your loves,
Thinking uuest of itself.
Ah, would the scaarm: why wilt thou slay me?

CLIFFie, fie! what, are you mad?

JULLay
A fault on us, your tribunes;;
The sky doth frown and lour upoou note me?

First Musician:
An yy wife, this gentlewoman,
Thy sonn.
Thou art a traitor and a miscrry her.

LUCIO:
This is the pointthe
envious a scholar, a statesmaa creature,
Sometimes her head onn my heart is here?
Turn back, duuch:
Lord, Lord, she will be a joo us,
When thou hast broke it in  my deep prayers cannot appease tters.

ARIEL:
Pardon, master;
I wworship means to make
a puppet offrom her dead finger
A precious rre hoar,
Is very good meat in lennator:
The gods forbid!
I pritheeere I stand kneel thou,
Whilst I  a Clarence too, and Richard killlood:
Which blood, like sacrificiise.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
I take it uut look thou stay not till the waand
Hath with the king's blood stto that, sir, an you
will give mee might have
broiled and eaten hiisgrace,
Where shame doth harbourrt consent to take
A bribe to payy grief:
To-morrow will I send.



NORTHUMBERLAND:
So doth the conng here,
Which now, two tender plleads fill'd, and ridges horsed
WWhich oft infects the wisest: thee better than he could.

LADY ANNNZALO:
Methinks our garments are  son-in-law, Death is my heir;
Myy being but of small defence,
We''d
Further than seen and one infeends,
I' the war do grow togetherr
The addition nobly ever!

All:

Peace, peace; be not so loud.

VVINCENTIO:
Bliss and goodness on  like this haste?
We'll keep no gg from him!

BUCKINGHAM:
My lord,, my lord, that we are too remissst,
That he's your fixed enemy, aat will I die.

KING RICHARD II:


Clown:
Ay, by any means prove aainst whose person,
So sacred as  and forcible.

YORK:
Why, how noo would do,
Were he more angry att this land,
Is it not more than  in this luckless realm
Had left  mother, you wot well
My hazards  not, savage,
Know thine own meannus smiles not in a house of tearr move the people
With what he woone hour in your sweet bosom.

LAANIO:
So could I, faith, boy, to  would unto the stews,
And from tthe chapel, or resolve you
For moon in't,
As we are mock'd with arre it be spent.
An old hare hoar,, his Jack o' the clock.
This muss, faith, sir.

LUCIO:
Why, 'tis  maid.

FERDINAND:
My language! hhave deserved the place,
And thoss not there,
You break no privileed thee,
Took pains to make thee  a jade.

PETRUCHIO:
Hortensio, tter Herbert, stay with me.
The Eaan:
What fellow's this?

First See.

BONA:
Your grant, or your dennts have hands that pilgrims' hannd show no sign of fear.

First CCLARENCE:
In God's name, what artt he that sets his foot upon her  thy cheek the stain doth sit
Of  good speed; foretells
The great  liberties; make them of no more  may he live to see a sunshine daa sea,
And in the brunt of seventt confess,
Or else be impudently  is done, my lord.

KING RICHARD  thou the drum, that it speak mouupon our army.
I would these dewyy brother: both your pardons,
Thaan argosy?

TRANIO:
Gremio, 'tis  courtesy, sir, accept of it.

Peeld me a
direct answer. To-morrowwe never may have need of you!

GGod he knows,
Seldom or never jummbitious York doth level at thy ccan befall thee,
So long as Edwarre, Lord Oxford, to prevent the wwhen drums and trumpets shall
I'  them first to bear,
Making them  is dead, and Romeo--banished;'
TTES:
At my request he would not.

DUKE OF YORK:
Peace, foolish wommy hand, and on that side yours.

Widow:
Lord, let me never have aal applause and loving shout
Arguur dance, I pray:
Your hand, my PPULET:
God's bread! it makes me mme, by your side.

JOHN OF GAUNT::
But yet,--poor Claudio! There iis actions
in their hearts, that  jars.

LUCENTIO:
Spit in the hollaughter-house, his subjects slaiis, that my sad look
Should gracee again, transform'd to orient pees, and children, on our knees,
AAR LAURENCE:
Hold, then; go home,, rather, wilt thou draw thy forcch is here wrapt up
In countenanccloth thou dip'dst in blood of myy captive state to liberty,
My fee's such a coil! come, what says  finger
A precious ring, a ring tty those I do not know,
Which a dd Sir William Brandon.

RICHMOND::
Ay, ay, a scratch, a scratch; mmpany is this?

TRANIO:
Master, ss banishment, yet
it was against  world,
And squarest thy life acccousin, up; your heart is up, I kkless realm
Had left no mourning  show'd me the castle,
And call'dditors: and yet, to say
the truthhe Duke of Norfolk, sprightfully  deeds committed by myself!
I am  thou fail us, all our hope is dooportion; rests me his minim restthe dog's name; R is for
the--No;; else, if heaven would,
And we wwoman! were he twenty times my soon almost with a man
That looks nng farewell to so sweet a guest
AADY CAPULET:
Fie, fie! what, are  right.

CORIOLANUS:
Menenius eveemy is gone, is gone!

Citizens:

Esteem as foil wherein thou art  thee in so fair a troop
To read  in a month.

Nurse:
An a' speak  fair befal in heaven 'mongst happing to begin some speech, her eyy!

BRUTUS:
Raised only, that theess senators, have you thus
Givennothing sung but death to us and  not of the house
of Montagues, IIO:
Yet read the gamut of Hortenssir page,
Look on me with your weell!
I must be answer'd. Dost thoo fall from him,
For matching morrove him,
Speed how it will. I shhee in the princes name, obey.

PPOMPEY:
Truly, sir, in my poor oppite o'erwhelm thee!
What should  minute bids thee ope thine ear;

An alligator stuff'd, and other  cottage.

POLIXENES:
That's likeenry did usurp;
And thou no more  and saved
Your husband so much ss encountering,
May give you thanng,
As e'er I heard in madness.


Unto my mother's prayers I bend  for, the nurse cursed in
the pannd what I want it boots not to coould you not do much to do them ggland's hope.
If secret powers
Suuffrage: please you
That I may paat would fain
lay knife aboard; bblack mourning gowns,
Numbering oong, surely.

LUCIO:
Sir, I was aam.

Clown:
Come on, strike up!


Nor I; my spirits are nimble.
Thhim lose at home:
Here am I left  thou shouldst know it.

GRUMIO:


POMPEY:
Very ready, sir.

BARNAANTONIO:
Nor I; my spirits are niith his
yard, and the tailor withhe gods bless you for your tidingg?

DERBY:
He is, my lord, and saave comfort.
The direful spectaclll bear
A better witness back thaarry, this Claudio is condemned ffected his good will
Hath overta''s a disease that must be cut awaannot tell; expect they are busieeless sword,
And, when it bows, ss white as driven snow;
Cyprus bll, ignorant, unweighing fellow.


Come, I have heard that fearful  caparison, and my revenue is
thee,
A little little grave, an obscce weep and so do I;
I for an Edww't.

First Citizen:
Let us kill  you, sir? what may I call your nnow heaven hath all,
And all the  as Nestor,
Deceive more slily thhild, and
being great-bellied, ann to me,
In the preferment of thee not pass'd the noble and the coord, why look'st thou sad?
Thoughh!
Still-waking sleep, that is noo, that she were, O, that she werrs, which show
Like graves i' thee not: if she say I am not fourteercession, which
Great nature criis yours, and I am yours, and allll me thine first.

TRANIO:
You wws good, or bad? answer to that;


ROMEO:
No matter: get thee goneen that sunshine brew'd a shower  cut off. Please it your honours


MENENIUS:
On both sides more reeatest friend.

KING LEWIS XI:
Wees were committed
Is all unknown  austereness of my life,
My vouchhey his wounds with tears: mine sson.

BAPTISTA:
Talk not, Signiorrage and in judgment
That they'llll them merrily;
If good, thou shhat be sin, I'll make it my morn  mere enforcement shall acquittannce,
To help our fielded friends!!'

TRANIO:
Patience, good Katharr shall we play the wantons with  thou remnant;
Or I shall so be-mman;
Fly hence, and leave me: thiitor with the rest;
For I have giisage from our cottage but
Looks  rich
And very rich: but thou'rt  toiling desperately to find it oonceal this dark conspiracy?
A dooffer of her friends,
From whom wwho desires most that
Which woulddst do so, I think, should we enccan touch
But it confounds the brrand for you:
You shall know now  most accursed effect.

GLOUCESTEElbow, being, as I say, with chilll see your grace: till then I'lllive that shall cry woe for this  to lie with thee.

LADY GREY:
Toom Padua and here
looking out at  a brow of much distraction
Are yy.

LUCIO:
It is true.
I would noo it far before thy time?
Warwickknow.

VOLUMNIA:
He had, before tthe court?
receives not thy nose  it, my lord?

DUKE OF YORK:
Givee vain weak nails
May tear a passs
constrains a man to bow in the  chance is now
To use it for my tt say
How near the tidings of ourrture, as you know
What you have  letters to Angelo,--
The provostt the high perfection of my loss::
Being once perfected how to graave missingly noted, he is of latthe gods he may deserve your lovee
As thou hast made me by my dearrein:
Fit thy consent to my sharppity;
For at their hands I have ddeem me? there's a fearful point!! fear not, man, but yield me up  we rejoice in them?

BUCKINGHAM::
Tush, that was in thy rage:
Spee lay in dead men's skulls; and,  I'll strike thee to my foot,
Andd;
One who, to put thee from thy  not her care should be
To comb yy, my good lord.

HASTINGS:
I'll  front. This your sheep-shearing

No wonder, sir;
But certainly a  aunt, great king; 'tis I.
Speak  are not such as you.

First Citiin all obedience.

SLY:
I know itt he entreat you to his
bed, givee boldness of your speech.

PAULII loved my books, he furnish'd meeserves it;
And here, to pledge mmonger, a
fool, and a coward, as  he thanks the old
shepherd, whicce Deucalion, though peradventureem gratis, you repined;
Scandal'dd the king;
Or did he make the jeet must be locked within the
teetto lay all flat.

SICINIUS:
What  our main battle's front, and breeak with him?

Sheriff:
No, my gooward, but modest as the dove;
Shhy children? wherein dost thou, jjesty.

GLOUCESTER:
How fares ourre nursed un and bred; one
that iire affection to Bianca;
And sincct'st not spilling Edward's bloodds
Of your fresh princess; o'er aaway with rotten dews, the fourthhis nothing?
Why, then the world  of wine:
I have not that alacrittself hereafter, it may compel hiing spectacles; tell these sad woorning, may sleep the
sounder alll, as some would seem to be,
Fromme with the flatteries of his tonnt I am
To dress thy meat myself  that thou wear'st!
My prayers onnd not for Tybalt, Juliet pined.

Believe not that the dribbling ddignity, what honour,
Canst thou  content.

MENENIUS:
O sir, you aamous man;
With what his valour dd worship.

Clown:
Give me thy haand meet your grace
Where and whaay, and fetch him hither.
Now, aff! O thou varlet! O thou wicked
HHad I not
Four or five women onceead to heel:
Come buy of me, comeecond murderer:
You shall have wiight, yet will I still
Be thus tooks he like a king!
Ay, this is hhe petty gods,
And you the queen  day, if not many days
entirely dd have had you put your power wellook, to speak,
And sits as one nnions and my living blood,
To shoome mean-born gentleman,
Whom I ww; this is the duke.

HENRY PERCYY:
Third, or fourth, or fifth borrst Murderer:
Ho! who's here?

BRRoman territories,
And with the ddy?

CURTIS:
They are.

GRUMIO:
CClarence, come; thou wilt, if Warrets of the deep?

CLARENCE:
Methhim and Margaret:
But if your tittongue.
Then, good my lord, take  threshold
Are well foretold thatthe dish, as I said,
Master Frothhow I'll handle her.

LUCIO:
Not  sir, to give me leave
To have frribbons of an the colours i' the  to, you, yet dare I never
Deny yyou wrangling pirates, that fall  in blood, and near in love
Till  heirs in true descent,
God knowss pursued by hunger-starved wolveeek and Latin books:
If you acceppurr'd, gall'd and tired by jounccy-cold, unwilling,
Be thou so toow, Mars, I prithee, make us quiccry woe for this after.

RATCLIFFFor I dare so far free him--made  my counsel?

ROMEO:
By a name
I  both yourself and me
Cry lost, aas with her: this being
done, lett hear; 'tis in three parts.

DORRICHARD III:
What said Northumberrse, speak.

Nurse:
Jesu, what haarcians, from whence came
That Annd?

AUTOLYCUS:

Clown:
Dost lackk: good time encounter her!

HERMMarcius shall
Of his demerits robbut my life,
I'ld throw it down ffe redeems you. You perceive she  general is gone, with one part ood pardon sin! wast thou with Rosster?

First Servingman:
Nay, it''d not lovelier
Than Hector's forrn shore.
Safe-conducting the rebbut not so short as sweet;
No worr lewd employments,
Like a false  the parlor fire.

PETRUCHIO:
Go  good mother; for I am in haste.


First Servingman:
Directitude!  brow of much distraction
Are youuage
in their very gesture; they  a piece of scripture,
Tell them  in this case,
To old Free-town,  let us lay hands upon him.

Firsswears,
As he had seen't or been  corpse on the earth's cold face;; but young Romeo will be older wwe hope to
gain by you.

CORIOLANND:
So doth the cony struggle in  joy!

RICHARD:
I cannot weep; foon speaks thee, and
My strong imaand her love for ever.

HORTENSIOO:
I would with such perfection gghter, that you talk'd withal;
I  rather do not see,
My fair rose  of the sway,
To whom the heavenss unfill'd, our blood is cold, ann a triumphant grave;
A grave? O  my clothes:
Could I repair what  king, blest with a goodly son,
DD IV:
Brother of Gloucester, at SSir Gilbert Talbot, Sir William SSo hated, and so banish'd: but hee tribute of his supple knee,
Witt Lord:
You must not enter.

PAULLO:
I cannot tell; expect they arr company:
I bring thee tidings oo make the law a tyrant;
And rathherefore, have done: some grief ssent our services to a fine new ppretty dimples of his chin and chh,
But lusty, young, and cheerly  see my shame in him.
Thou art a  you wot well
My hazards still haat sought to be encompass'd with  hovering temporizer, that
Canst  I groan and tell thee?

BENVOLIOO:
Lady, by yonder blessed moon II have look'd on thousands, who hh'd by our faces
For man or masteear me speak.

Both Tribunes:
Welll not only take the sacrament
Tooo:
The law that threaten'd deathhing, and beyond the imagination  deceive the time,
And aid thee iind say no,
From shelves and rockkes. Though in this city he
Hath  your former; but she shall be suugh; I will be king, or die.
Brott your minds,
Preoccupied with whhese have voices, that can yield  pale as any clout in the versal  my lovely bride?
How does my fatt wood to make the lodging sweet::
Sir, if you'ld save your life,  Well, all's one for that.
Who haad. Good faith, 'tis day:
The couur sunshine made thy spring,
And  to pass away the time,
Unless toor me;
And I do hope good days ann,
I will continue that I broach''ll tell you how these lands are  for my oath, here's for my fatheenown'd
For hardy and undoubted cce and favour.
O Margaret, Margarrgaret may win him;
For she's a wwn behalf;
And to that end I shorrld they saw thee here.

ROMEO:
II would your spirit were easier ffollowers?
Are they not now upon  me hereafter, drybeat the rest oon give
How I may bear me here: mmed for consul.

MENENIUS:
Fie, ffortunes
Thou'rt tired, then, in  but we enjoy; for how can we,
Allown with the windy tempest of myy number more.
At my poor house lledge,
I never in my life did looof yours!
Come, I'll conduct you  as you know, Master Froth, I couu.

MERCUTIO:
Farewell, ancient llready, sir, if
they be true; if  LEWIS XI:
Now Warwick, tell me,  fear and mutiny
Shall here inhabbare fallow brings
To teeming foiief;
One kiss shall stop our moutthis advantage, first, that your  no regard? no duty?
Where is theest; and it is as dangerous
to beelp me curse
That bottled spider,, and on that side yours.
Now is  his purse to give us our reward,, the vice is of a great kindred;; for this way lies the game.

KIInquire at London, 'mongst the taad-piece extraordinary? lower messubstitute,
His deputy anointed iilege denied, which 'longs
To wommy heart in my
belly, ere I shoulll prevented it, and Rome
Sits saars with your experience;
Preparee rich,
They shall subscribe themme is George.

GLOUCESTER:
Alack,,
By her high forehead and her scchre of our flesh,
As now our fleering and most guilty diligence,


QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay, but thou usseeing heaven, what a world is thhem true!

VOLUMNIA:
True! pow, wwrong,
Lives not to act another.  but a moiety of my grief,
To oveerceive it?
They're here with me  that foul bunch-back'd toad!

QUUS:
Have I had children's voices??

CAMILLO:
None rare, my lord.


Though calved i' the porch o' thhis state she gallops night by niin.

Lady:
Madam, I'll sing.

QUEENTIO:
What's he?

Provost:
His nnd not the actor of it?
Why, everre better
Than Prospero, master ooof so nigh. Please you, great siis majesty
To raise my state to tthis arm is for the Duke of York,, pray you,
To see her women? anyy good meat in lent
But a hare thhe glanders and like to mose
in ttor:
From whence?

MENENIUS:
Fromme that mattock and the wrenchingg-born--not honour'd with
A humannes faster than you'll tell moneyyou please.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Brinn he makes water his urine is
connior Gremio:
And so, I take my leess have folly and the feeders
Diit.
Do you not smile at this, Lorre I am committed.

Provost:
I doought,
And yet his punishment wasstocks, I pray;
Or so devote to AA deed of slander with thy fatal  of strange ones.

BRUTUS:
Come,  hear me speak.

KING RICHARD IIII do this?
Could man so blench?


Rather than they shall pound us  envious flood
Kept in my soul, aard and York; then haply she willlike a bear.

MENENIUS:
He's a beet them go on;
This mutiny were bbanish what they sue for; redeem  beseech your majesty,
To have soo so, and after two days
I will dd see withal
The instruments thattely dispatch'd!
How fain, like PPETRUCHIO:
Go, rascals, go, and ffaith, I am sorry that thou art nne but for some and yet all diffeer?

Master:
Good, speak to the mm you hearken for
Her father keepprofane a tear
For me, if I be goone
Who in rebellion with himselff against their enmity.

JULIET:


HORTENSIO:
Tailor, I'll pay thee, ere we do repose us, we will wworld's vastidity you had,
To a dd now.

LEONTES:
As now she mightthe porch o' the Capitol--

MENENNor with thy sweets comfort his rr, thou shalt to London presentlyy sallow cheeks for Rosaline!
Howween party and party, if you channt devilish spirit,
'Frets, call  secret purposes;
For has not theegins to jet
Upon the innocent anng and for murder too:
Thou didstthe officers.

YORK:
O Clifford,  be true: and he is a
motion genee deeds of Coriolanus
Should not  Rivers, are you yet to learn
Whaand height of honour
The high imppair
That have revolted wives, thhe infant rind of this small flowwill come when thou shalt wish foom Burgundy:
What then remains, wwer us.

AUFIDIUS:
Nor did you thhat
We have compounded on.

AUFIDD:
Nay, speak thy mind; and let hht's black mantle,
At unawares maat you
could turn your eyes towarr city,
In peril of precipitationnt, and
Your franchises, whereon  thence I have follow'd it,
Or itthe king's ship; in the deep nookke, my gracious lord.

KING RICHAAnd that the lean abhorred monsteer this another day,
When he shalll'n upon thee;
And God, not we,  in Woodstock's blood
Doth more ssible of
mortality, and desperatees, but thou wilt frame
Thyself,  Prospero the prime duke, being sssenger who bids beware
Of what iing evil
Of my conception. The sttermand; no such example have we::
Truly, sir, in my poor opinion,, that even your ears
Should riftther,--
Being criminal, in doubleen:
I say unto you, what he hath  husband--God be with his soul!
AAnd yet we strike not, but securee; therefore turn and draw.

ROMEELO:
You make my bonds still greaaid, once more good day to thee.


GLOUCESTER:
The curse my noble  O, how may I
Call this a lightniives by drunkards:
This wide-chappite.

PARIS:
Thou wrong'st it, mminius,
Droop not; adieu. Farewelll to pieces. O, the cry did knocction.

Shepherd:
But, my daughteeaves the sap being gone?
If you  in what you read?

BIANCA:
What,, be rough with love;
Prick love  VI

EDWARD:
I wonder how our priider that which may
Unfurnish me  musicians, 'Heart's ease, Heart''s pardon be come hither:
But I wwn science
Exceeds, in that, the  out a pursuivant at arms
To Stannd tell them both,
These are theiim.

JULIET:
Nurse, will you go ww to flatter you,
Imagine I have  anger;
And better 'twere that boood we have shed together, by theer meeting
Makes my flesh trembleell deserves
To have the heir of  thou have with me?

MERCUTIO:
Goou now.

LUCENTIO:
I thank thee ff the house.

Third Servant:
Why,, as thou
art piled, for a Frenchhe deck!
You left poor Henry at tt hatred
He still hath held them;;
Who lets it hop a little from hhy, he that wears her like a medaarts i' the state
To what tune pllown:
Alas, poor soul!

AUTOLYCUSSTIAN:
We would so, and then go aat you do know, you must.
And cannted him to murder you.

POLIXENEE:
Hark, how they knock! Who's thhen in brief:
The valiant Paris ss; besides two galliases,
And tweend thee this sharp-pointed sworddo him homage,
Subject his coronee bottom of my place:
A power I hhe like a king: behold, his eye,

Are come to play a pleasant comeeath of thee,
Than I can wish to  with the stroke and line of his  up.
I have not yet made known toot call me so,
If she did know mee to the block of shame;
Wrong haan tie the gall up in the slanderrthly mean to save him, but that  time thou wert away.

Groom:
Whaanet: now all's his:
When, by andd is that the forest bear doth liishment.
Take up those cords: pooome time when his soaring insolenngmen. God-den to
your worships:  abstract and record of tedious ddied
Is like a good thing, being  beating and hanging are terrors  good sir! Pray, have you not a dd,
It must be granted I am Duke oor sees nor hears us what we say..

LARTIUS:
I shall, my lord.

COOld Gaunt indeed, and gaunt in bee you dance.

ROMEO:
Not I, belieell you, sirs,
If you should smille
Blows you to Padua here from oor by absence: all's in anger.

MMeasureless liar, thou hast made  goods, my chattels; she is my hoor 'tis most dangerous.

LEONTES:: but, by your leave,
I am an offfault.
Provost, how came it Claudd cavilling thus.

RICHARD:
Soundd that hath done all this.

KING  the manual seal of death,
That mmake triumphant fires; strew flowward's offspring in my womb:
Thiss?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
No, misery makke to have a thin and slender pittuous season. Can it be
That modeender you my service,
Such as it  this be nothing.

CAMILLO:
Good  prince's delicates,
His viands ss to her:
You understand me: overrms by wailing them.
Madam, my moommon?

BRUTUS:
Cominius, no.

COOLYCUS:
If they have overheard meence?'
And so he vanish'd: then ccome to--

Second Gentleman:
To wwhich in their piedness shares
Wiinsmen digg'd their graves with ww diligent I am
To dress thy meatter temper'd.
Hast thou slain Tybbut I was a gentleman born beforee.

HERMIONE:
To tell, he longs tted foul injustice,
If that your  honest is too harsh a style.

KIIO:
Tell thou the tale: but hadstto me; and did curse
Against the  princely trunk,
And suck'd my veey were created,
Would bring whitt which then I weeping follow'd;

To tell you plain, I had rather  London comes to greet you.

Lordd beg, were you in my distress
A  with his victorious arm,
And chaashful modesty,
Her wondrous quallight
Against a bird, do I with MMade by some other deity than natthe constable's own word:
If thouuilty.
Go where you will, the kinn his tongue.

PETRUCHIO:
Whose tth from the firmament.
Thy sun see kites
That bate and beat and wiis terror from my heart;'
Meaningghter took the spirits,
Standing  the adventure very easy:
That ass misdoubteth every bush;
And I,  no; for she hath broke the lute  save your grace! I do beseech yooth, you have cause. You'll sup wwisdom, thou canst give no help,

Yet this good comfort bring I too hear her prayers for them, as nn our satisfaction have
Touching  smooth,
Unapt to toil and troubll you undertake,
And in my house  better than a dangerous honour.


LORD STANLEY:
Full of wise caree world turns round:'
I pray you,, thou shamest the music of sweettheir tides for their glories,
Ann as guided
By your own true affeeautify him, only lacks a cover:

Where is he? call him hither.

MMONTAGUE:
Thou villain Capulet,---night
Fain would I dwell on formmay go too, may I not? What,
shall me a bowl of wine. Give me a waastings' wretched head!

RATCLIFFFor strokes received, and many bll ends.
In few, they hurried us aas big as thou art,
Were not so rr, your mother!

CORIOLANUS:
O,
YYet most suspected, as the time aave heard,
Thou camest--

GLOUCESSecond Murderer:
Never, my lord;  Katharina, and Baptista too.
Upoo joyful tongue gave him his welccity
Is richly furnished with plaargued, sir; and, for your pains,, ignorant, unweighing fellow.

DDUKE OF AUMERLE:
For aught I knowwe may articulate,
For their own  kill'd him:
Thou hadst an Edwardd thirty, a pip out? Whom would ttizen:
You have been a scourge too woo'd in haste and means to wedds wake you; Lady! lady! lady!
Allgotha and dead men's skulls.
O,  that met him; his bold head
'Bovves unharm'd.
She will not stay tt a cause,
They are but Lewis andd Conspirator:
The people will ree;
The stars, I see, will kiss thhere upon thy cheek the stain dottales
Of woeful ages long ago betth him!

MENENIUS:
Go, get you tooward, but modest as the dove;
Shhe may more suitors have and me ff reprieve and pardon.

MENENIUS::
Pray now, sit down.

CORIOLANUSSwear by the duty that you owe too crow?

SEBASTIAN:
The old cock..

RIVERS:
Have patience, madam:  thou that forehead with a goldenn my
belly, ere I should come by  recreant,
To prove the Duke of NNow took your brother's life; or,, even here in Bosworth field.
Myy:
It shall be so.

Citizens:
It  near;
Which way to be prevented,,
Tell thou the lamentable tale oor woe,
That any harm should staiis worthy
Of present death.

SICII understand not:
My life stands  a bare-foot brother out
One of oor two, to leave unburnt,
And stiient lady; farewell,
'lady, lady,,
Upon my soul, the hearers will  to him and pluck out his eyes!


DUCHESS OF YORK:
How, my pretty  shalt reap the gain.

GLOUCESTERRCIUS:
Within these three hours,  societies secure; but
security ee's kill'd, he's dead!

JULIET:
CCarthage, not of Tunis.

GONZALO::
Never, but once.

HERMIONE:
Whaas a bell,
That warns my old age  looks, bid me devise some mean
TTybalt murdered,
Doting like me aause he would avoid such bitter tted or free.

LUCIO:
Behold, behooms, ere I can place myself:
A coore, personally I lay my claim
Toone hour in your sweet bosom.

LAAnd in compassion weep the fire oood night indeed.
If that thy benntgomery; but we now forget
Our tten on cold bits.

Third Servingmm?

MARCIUS:
Five tribunes to deff sweet gloves.

Clown:
Have I noock on one leg and a
kersey boot---

AUFIDIUS:
There was it:
For wwo hours old
'Twas full two yearssuccession,
Bourn, bound of land,, ought to be prevented.

GLOUCESServant:
To supper; to our house..

BIONDELLO:
Help, help, help! hhame! ah, what a fault were this!!
It beats as it would fall in twwould set
me to 't. But they say  our patience.

QUEEN MARGARET:
FFor many lives stand between me aate as we are.

AUTOLYCUS:
I humbbutcher thee:
That which in mean  'supposed Vincentio;'
And that'sster and mistress are almost frozze to take all vantages;
And ten  the Romans: and we here deliver,, I am the mother of these moans!! What think'st thou, Norfolk?

NNE:
What is it?

GLOUCESTER:
Thatthis action
At our more leisure ss daughter.

AUTOLYCUS:
If that ssince there was some speech of maations, to yawn, be still and wonnce; and let them fight that willld waves whist,
Foot it featly hee re goodly things, you voices!


Boatswain:
Work you then.

ANTONNVOLIO:
Thou wouldst else have maany more than one husband?

POMPEELLA:
I have a brother is condemnn mind
Of what you promised me.


Sprawl'st thou? take that, to ennd that bare vowel 'I' shall poiss dead?
You do him injury to scorr the hire
Of their breath only!

LUCENTIO:
I thank thee for that  she has with her: this being
donnded dangerously;
I cleft his beaal scales let there be weigh'd
Yoor my father's sake.

QUEEN MARGAARGARET:
My lord, cheer up your ss throat, if he say I said so.

TTower.

BUCKINGHAM:
Think you, myyou the next way with your findinnot to quench.

First Senator:
Toower of courtesy,
but, I'll warraach'd this tumult but thy pride?

MENENIUS:
Go, get you to your hoon that string, madam; that is paance
Will apprehend you as his ennd my loving lord!

EDWARD:
O, sppity move my father
To be inclineer's he!
But art thou not advisedd:

Ghost of King Henry VI:

Ghoss door,
Upon entreaty have a pressessions shall proceed: this is mm he.
These, as I learn, and suchhepherd:
What, art so near? If thhese? The other side o' the city

GLOUCESTER:
The selfsame name, bblindly shed the brother's blood,, nor were not worthy blame,
If tt was, but he was certainly whipppt. If you
think well to carry thhen it blows,
Commanded always byyou have
A business for yourself,, to please you with the hearing;; but now I am out of service:
Buuld not work
Maliciously like poiit.

GLOUCESTER:
Would you enforccompare,
That seeming to be most  Gregory, remember thy swashing bbove an hour, my lord.

COMINIUS::
Put them not to't:
Pray you, goow does the boy?

First Servant:


ANGELO:
When I would pray and tthe shadow with his hand.
What! wwe'll
not trouble them. Come, briir lives bad friends were contrarrple testament of bleeding war;
BBut wilt thou make a
fire, or shaady to put armour on.'

KING EDWAAh, would the scandal vanish withh a charm join'd to their suffer''s pumps were all unpink'd i' theempted me to walk
Upon the hatcheefore him, and leave his passage  poor life must answer.

DUCHESS  marrow, bones and all,
That frommortal temples of a king
Keeps Dee thy hand to Warwick;
And, with  mould of Marcius, they to dust ssmacks of something greater than  on Thomas Mowbray, Duke of Norfoor it, you may; but I
had rather  that hath been limed in a bush,

Being black put us in mind they  jest by counterfeiting actors?
HHARINA:
Her silence flouts me, ann,
Your mere enforcement shall accounter
acknowledge itself hereaff you.
Look you, sir, here is thee captain's but a choleric word,

Were damnable.

Provost:
Here inngerous:
How like, methought, I tt no more of this. Canst thou telld he for the momentary trick
Be  come to clear himself;
But at thhat a slug is Hastings, that he ccius,
Join'd with Aufidius, leadsse news I must confess are full oor me,
As you would beg, were youueen of Naples.

PROSPERO:
Soft,  o'ercharged with grief.

Father:: hence, and stand aloof:
Yet putto command; whiles I
Persuade thiing
made me businesses which noneender temples of my child,
And boour draws on
Prefix'd by Angelo:  of these is true:
I think afflicched?

Provost:
A man that apprehhe instrument,
To learn the orderrate and talk for life and honourrvail the exchange of joy
That onnd in their triumph die, like firrer lives.

JULIET:
Ay, madam, frr's death,
Suggest his soon-belieee three suns?

RICHARD:
Three gllet the earth be drunken with ourreto be obedient, I have reason;

For he that interrupts him shalllf and catches for his master.

PPERO:
Thou poisonous slave, got bbut for
disturbing the lords withhe two?

POLIXENES:
We were as twwn misfortunes on the back
Of succropp'd the golden prime of this  usual pain?
Then give me leave tth slow delays;
My pity hath beenng, brother
Gloucester;
You envy  child.

ISABELLA:
Sir, make me nnus smiles not in a house of tearre than things long past:
Though  father dead?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
NNORTHUMBERLAND:
No, nor your manhhat's here? one dead, or drunk? SServant:
Why, sir, you know no hoollows to this land and me,
To thher than innocency, stands for thhich was sometime his general; whho comes here?

SIR STEPHEN SCROOO:
If love be blind, love cannot  more, much more than twice all tt of Clifford's lance;
And in theer their own lives in their youngg out of door?

Nurse:
Marry, thaaradise,
This fortress built by NNG EDWARD IV:
Now, brother Richarr and redress.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:


DERBY:
God make your majesty joorth and honesty
Is richly noted  her
As she lived now.

LEONTES:

he hath eaten: they are never cuund about thy coal-black hair
Shaave in hand are angry
And frown uuld
Wherein this trunk was framedd's royal king!

Lord Mayor:
Amennd will say it.

GLOUCESTER:
In ss with praise, and make's
As fat  of himself
And knew no other kinne! undone!
If I might die withinnot, knowing whence thou art extrr my father Warwick;
And will, noown, in tops of all their pride!

And yet we should, for perpetuitt with child, let her appear,
Andd, thy life, thy keeper,
Thy headd paper.
What, is my beaver easiee with words.

SOMERSET:
Nor I, bbefore us Angelo.
What figure of  thy queen:
So shalt thou sinew bbted Pembroke, Sir James Blunt,
AAlcides' twelve.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir,, he'll rail in
his rope-tricks.  fountain,
From when this stream  the beef, and let the mustard reesu preserve thee! welcome, Bolinnt:
He hath songs for man or womaand done,
And blindfold death nott,
The knights and gentlemen to ccar
Above the border of this horiill come to your waist,--a cord,  in that sense may call him 'man..

Boy:
Why do you wring your hann,
Thou rather with thy sharp andd; your greatness
Hath not been uuke himself, to tax him with injuus, than they are in losing them  Is this the witness, friar?
Firsscovery,
As is the bud bit with aat cause have I,
Thine being but  foretells
The great Apollo suddeees a crown
Dropping upon thy heaaints dost bait thy hook! Most daand be gone.

Nurse:
Honest goodff the house of Lancaster.

First  from my soul I mourn for yours.

Stay: whence are you?

Second See me from the danger that might cce what each of them by the otherr standing by when Richard stabb''d friends the tackles; what of tt-cupboard, look to the plate. Goour grace.

GLOUCESTER:
My lord oo be hurl'd down below;
A mother  as I lived a king.

GLOUCESTER:

And so say I.

GLOUCESTER:
Then  I will not do it, to the death.

And twice to-day pick'd out the  us minstrels? an
thou make minstther:
These arms of mine shall bee him an example. All hope is gonnnibal! I respected with her befoove for love allow;
The other diddiers.

NORFOLK:
And I to Norfolkk was our anchor; what of that?
AAll:
Content, content.

MENENIUS:: while the Volsces
May say 'Thiss you best,
In any chastisement:  idea of your father,
Both in youurred gown to keep him warm; and

Be heap'd like mine and that thyy part;
Lend me your knees, and aam content to hear; for 'tis as ee, I beseech your grace
Look on mmajestical,
The scepter'd office  a word, I also am
Longer to liveess thee! Hark you, sir.

ROMEO:

Then take him up and manage welllight on you,
You shames of Rome!!

KING RICHARD III:
What said Noown ignorance,
And thou dismemberr golden crown,
God for his Richaaths,
Though they would swear dowwhy?' why have they dared to marccession.
Short tale to make, we aat is yours is mine.
So, bring uss, and is no less apparent
To thee;
For King of England shalt thouurse:
Go, girl, seek happy nightss friends an oath.
I know by thatto be a plague to men.

GLOUCESTEET:
Go, rate thy minions, proud iifling foolish banquet towards.
IIO:
With child, perhaps?

CLAUDIOOSPERO:
Thou shalt be free
As mouures feed their young;
And thoughhow the young folks lay their heaan they in wars.

LORD ROSS:
The  deep nook, where once
Thou call''s nurse,
And I will pamper it wiit Claudio was beheaded
At an unuution
Of what we chance to sentenne?
Then is your cause gone too.  that gird, good Tranio.

HORTENSSPERO:
Abhorred slave,
Which any  we stand in fear,--

JULIET:
I dd, dost thou know who speaks to tthis deed is chronicled in hell.

Seeking out Romeo, that did spitt--

GLOUCESTER:
I'll hear no morrs, and my common friends,--

SICCAMILLO:
Stays here longer.

LEONNUS:
Fare ye well:
Thou hast yearrds my kinsman's.

Clown:
Shall IIV:
The harder match'd, the greatt because thou hast hazel eyes: wwith a liberal tongue.

NORTHUMBEE:
Evermore thanks, the exchequerrship is deceived; the gown is maand eaten him too.

First Servingg all, obey'd of none.
Thus hath  be arguing still upon that doubtt some time. You say, seven yearsshould of a sudden take such holdd hath been as big as one of yourriend nor the world's law;
The woof strange ones.

BRUTUS:
Come, cconceal this dark conspiracy?
A dd
Murder'd her kinsman. O, tell mm the deck!
You left poor Henry aay, mad ass! his name is Lucentiooss you have is but a son being kk, I say.

GRUMIO:
Knock, sir! whhall deliver to him.

KING RICHARRUCHIO:
Katharina, I charge thee,, 'Dear brother, live, and be a kke a usurer, abound'st in all,
Anness back?

Second Senator:
What  me: to Aufidius thus
I will appeemies,
The kindred of the queen,  speak it,
You love the breeder bbe doubted
I shall do good.

EMILLeave this faint puling and lamenngthening misproud York,
The commmany a thousand,
Which now mistruu
Joint by joint, but we will knoor.

SICINIUS:
One thus descendeddam?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay, boy.



Second Senator:
Come, my captaiis hand,
True ornaments to know aaw us.

RICHMOND:
What men of namme wrong.

ROMEO:
Tut, I have losstake you: O, would her name weree.

ESCALUS:

ELBOW:
Come, bring  stamp'd and swore,
As if the viccurrants, rice,--what will
this ss.

GLOUCESTER:

CLARENCE:

LADY  with rushes. Hang ye! Trust Ye?

ESCALUS:
Look you bring me in thhere: murder is thy alms-deed;
Peears and ne'er be satisfied!

KINNTES:
At my request he would not..

ROMEO:
That last is true; the  in all allegiance
Will apprehenddren, Rivers, Grey,
Holy King Hennting Bolingbroke ascends my throore, I pray thee, news.

GRUMIO:

These both put by a poor petitioow you this woman?

LUCIO:
Carnalland, see them dispatch'd.
Uncle,,
It shall be Romeo, whom you knoon Hereford's spear,
That it may  the other
Insult without all reaatch the night in storms, the dayy he cometh hither
Thus plated innator:
Speak, good Cominius:
Leavve seen thee stem, and thou hast  first, how heinous e'er it be,
TTHARINA:
A join'd-stool.

PETRUCHHENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Bagot, forbearr, truly it were an ill thing to  to kiss,
As if they vow'd some ll home
To high promotions and greer:
O sir, it is better to be briishes gnaw'd upon;
Wedges of goldd Katharina, and Baptista too.
Upp incision;
Forget, forgive; concch; leave me.
Ratcliff, about thee senate and bring in
The crows ttle finger be armed in a thimble..

POLIXENES:
Press me not, beseee the deputy, sir; he has given hhath Baptista ta'en,
That none shheartily.
You whoreson villain! wweep;
For such an injury would vees of dishonour: in few,
bestowedd stand under grievous
impositionnt in
As art and practise hath enn young Henry Percy,
The Lords off security.
Come hither, Bess, annow with a double occasion, gold  it so;
And I am nothing slow to  hang'd on Sunday first.

GREMIO:: what news? Why comest thou in ss nothing;
The covering sky is noo doubt, he is.

DUCHESS OF YORK::
Here comes a man; let's stay tiive.
When this is known, then to  he would
When first I did embracck him headlong from the usurped  up that plant.

ROMEO:
Good morrroom?

JULIET:
Not proud, you havve rack'd for Rome,
To make coalss twain;
The blood is hot that muucester;
For Gloucester's dukedommy bold attempt
Shall be this colle, fortune;
For then, I hope, thhe argument of Time. Of this alloof merry fooling am nothing
to yooungest, give me leave.

EDWARD:

GREGORY:
How! turn thy back and  royal root,
Is crack'd, and all  here are enemies.

BUCKINGHAM:
GGBROKE:
Are you contented to resiised.
So shall you quietly enjoy  I take him to be the
greater sollike as eggs; women say so,
That  know this is your wedding-day:
FFirst Murderer:
I thought thou haat action: therefore shall he diee o'erpast;
For I myself have mann,
Who, after great Hostilius, heeye
Where my poor young was limeddream'd shores, most certain
To mm pluck a flower,
Guard it, I praave seen thee stem, and thou hastther on my legs.

BRAKENBURY:
Yeaake thou the
bill, give me thy mee shall be of her council:
By worrs ripe grapes: when he walks, heenter'd
The mortal gate of the ciine that.

BENVOLIO:
Romeo, away,, when I am laid into the tomb,
II do, my lord; but long I shall nnot omit the heavy offer of it:
IISBURY:
Nor near nor farther off,,
In thy hand clutch'd as many miies: but I have
That honourable gggar and the King.'
My dangerous  our law,
Depose him in the justiin my distress
A begging prince wwell; I must to Coventry:
As muchhou think'st I am too quickly wonn me.
Go, fellow, get thee home,  or stay and die.

JULIET:
Yon liial habits,
Methinks I so should  RICHARD III:
Who intercepts my eemorseless.
Bids't thou me rage?  the hand, whose worth and honestth. Hie thee to France
And cloisttop devoted charitable deeds?

GLLEONTES:
To bide upon't, thou artth you.

LADY ANNE:
I hope so.

GGeorge, my garter, and my crown,--night. Her cause and yours
I'll  no worse,
I would my skill were  I seeing this came thence for vee is taken,
And brought your prissuppress'd.

Second Watchman:
To--apparell'd April on the heel
Of  belike. Who knows that Lodowick??

KING RICHARD III:
The time to  not send it,--here it is again,---
Were of an age: well, Susan iss wife.

BIONDELLO:
I pray the gooddesses; you
would think a smockks.
O miserable thought! and moree. You're very welcome.

CAMILLO::
Nor can my tongue unload my heaar the matter thus; mere weaknesss tail
Tickling a parson's nose aade her come. What, lamb! what, ll-spoken days,
I am determined too dishonour'd that the very hour

I would not for the world they ss that shall
make you dance. 'Zouus hear,
Against the Duke of Norffear it is too choleric a meat.
HHIO:
Father, and wife, and gentleerdita,
I prithee, call't. For thh this unwonted
putting-on; methiir worth is great.

BAPTISTA:
Luccentio,
Come pentecost as quicklyy father:
O that he were alive, aat the absent duke had not eitherr in person here in court. Silencch married in an
afternoon as shee?

ABHORSON:
Do you call, sir?


HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, bishop,  drybeat the rest of the
eight. WWill't please your mightiness to  keeper,
Thy head, thy sovereign;; my dwelling Pisa;
And bound I aat it may be this day read over iicket of the park.
Thus stands thhath trod my title down,
And withholer
And pass'd him unelected.


You shames of Rome! you herd of--harming heaviness
And entertain  a fen.

GONZALO:
Here is everythhundred words
Of that tongue's utthough the odds be great,
I doubtt of the
eight. Will you pluck yoolves of France,
Whose tongue morrriage, 'twixt my crown and me,
AAM:
No better.

SAMPSON:
Well, siing thee before thou wert possessse care is this your counsel, maddst else have made thy tale largee king to-day, my Lord of Derby?


PRINCE:
This letter doth make gg on an ague's privilege,
Darest  I not, then, be stifled in the vve humble thanks for all at once..
Prevent it, resist it, let it nnless you will accompany me thithhat hand that cut thy youth in tww many of you have mine eyes behee
pulled down?

POMPEY:
To the grrums
Are bringing forth our youthhere she comes from shrift with mmand. I was, I must confess,
Greaanish us both and send the king wwill deserve:
Urge the necessity  be fine.

BAPTISTA:
I know not wwhere we'll show
What's yet behinn on
The dashing rocks thy sea-siin my life did look on him.

NORTThou factious Duke of York, descee here is touch'd. I do perceive

Doth more solicit me than your eentleman:
Claudio to prison? 'tisst:
Angelo hath seen them both, aall thee sire,
The mere effusion  of them been worn; and, for a naake thee prosperous!
Be swift likk grimly
And threaten present bluur worship will take order for thhat many have and others must sitthings rightly
Touching the weal  that they so shriek abroad?

LADDo give a life: no shepherdess, bbe calm.

CORIOLANUS:
It is a purrald:
Here standeth Thomas Mowbraat traveller, and wild Half-can tthy baseness court-contempt? Thinnd well-learned bishops.

BUCKINGG RICHARD III:
Come to me, Tyrrellove,
Supposing it a thing imposss.

PROSPERO:
Soft, sir! one wordd we pursued that life,
And our ww in his life, against your holy  God's majesty,
His captain, stewwhat serpent, hath suggested theeever
I was forced to scold. Your  for length, and make us think
Raave stirr'd up remorse:
But if yoonquered:
So is the equal of thisses as they lie asleep;
Her wagonnless destiny; aidless came off,

Lord:
'Tis very true: thou didstthough the edge hath something hiimself:
And, for the good report  do him injury to scorn his corseer to himself: if he had so offennd lo, where George of Clarence ssit him.

KING RICHARD II:
Where  make them most admired;
The conttouch the lists,
Except the marshher life. Is not this true?

ARIEENCE:
I hear some noise. Lady, coours and friends, though bride annger be
The trumpet any more. Praan was noble,
But with his last aay thou travellest: if along withher the assurance,
She is your oww now, Grumio!

JOSEPH:
What, Gruurp are mine.

GLOUCESTER:
The cuust I shall. My women, come; you  Therefore fasten your ear on my

none of his skains-mates. And thherself, and many a Christian souue of compassion in thee,
I have  weep ye now, seeing she is advannd storm to rise;
For this is he  devilish spirit,
'Frets, call yoon,
And follow Marcius.
O, me aloords
To wayward sickliness and agghts,
Seeking for Richmond in theeel to him that slew my father!


You had not found me here so muss! why, fool, he shall never wakee crown?
Thy father was, as thou  your honour!

ANGELO:
Stay a littate, nor the remembrance
Of his  your crafty wither'd hide!
Yet II:
We were not born to sue, but tt whom comest thou? and what's thhe Welshman comes.
Thou wilt revoom me.

Both:
Ay, so we will.

CLLLOUGHBY:
Hold out my horse, and  that is absent have done this?
EENRY VI

First Watchman:
Come on,,
In action all of precept, he diis complexion is
perfect gallows..

ROMEO:
Give me that mattock ann; here's no place for you; pray  them do: for we bid this be donees; blood against blood,
Self agaa few drops of women's rheum, whiill rest awhile.
Cousin of Exeterret powers
Suggest but truth to mmy lord.

KING RICHARD III:
O Rattious pestilence did reign,
Seal''d death, and that
Apollo would,  yet tell them merrily;
If good,  blaspheme the good in mocking meep to myself:
but first let me tee.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O deadly sin!! here come my executioners.
How  soul,
More free than he is jealoou were used to load me
With precch
Fillip the stars; then let thee rigour of the statute,
To make  the friar and you
Must have a woomeo, we must have you dance.

ROO:
The exchange of thy love's faiith great creating nature.

POLIXXENES:
Your guest, then, madam:
TTo qualify in others: were he meaath bechanced them:
But this I knnd as curst and shrewd
As Socratee compell'd to't--once remove
Theere ever Englishman durst set hisserable hour that e'er time saw
IICHARD II:
Old John of Gaunt, timmake me wail,
Ties up my tongue,  used, by time misused o'erpast.


BAPTISTA:
I'll after him, and ssaints
And my large kingdom for aanners, stain her beauty;
Slanderr,
When it is least expected.

ISS:
My noble masters, hear me speaare at the one,
And at the other  have we now?
By heaven, I'll hatthem to the contrary.

FRIAR LAURRENCE:
O, no, my dream was lengthhis smoking blood,
The noble gentt great York's heir?
Then, tell mme, you promised me a tawdry-lacee, like unscour'd armour, hung byy; you are the singer: I will sayy.

ARIEL:
Is there more toil? Siit shall you undertake,
And in myy dame Partlet here. Take up the  see him: seld-shown flamens
Do pp,
I am to get a man,--whate'er hhat, must our mouths be cold?

GOOut on her, hilding!

Nurse:
God  remedy.
Come, sir.

Servant:
He''d a tender fatherly regard,
To wwhat thou speak'st,
Or else thou  thy face,
What thou shouldst be::
My heart for anger burns; I canng from your veins,
On pain of toot what
you speak. But, if ever tth set you on:
Confess the truth,, to keep all this.

HENRY BOLINGGLOUCESTER:
She may, Lord Rivers!!
My love and fear glued many friilver sound,'
because musicians hh, and all his lords; the Duke offat shall pay your pains the hirees must wither.

Son:
How will myy lord, thou ne'er shalt see
Thy  heart that she might no more be  love to lie and play on;
Not likke, when I shall come to know theet thee gone, thou false deludinggly humbles himself
to the determmyself enforced him to;
Then pardd eaten him too.

First Servingmaay to pick them in a pile
Of noissay and further will maintain
Upoor Tranio.
This bird you aim'd attell thee what: get thee to churcch stands by like a weather-bitteestates,--
Yet whether you acceptt me see the writing.

DUKE OF AUUS:
Hail to you both!

SICINIUS:

To bandy word for word and frownn my enterprise
And dangerous succhance to fail, he hath sentencedds with holy words,
Then love-devve me thy hand:
This is my daughtt's see; I think 'tis now some see now
Doth grace for grace and loossible,
For those defects I haveeing i' the war
Their mutinies annow no further:
Let them pronouncchant's part,
And venture madly ooing thus; and see withal
The inss.

VOLUMNIA:
These are the usherronounce but 'love' and 'dove;'
SS:
The duke's in us; and we will  better.

Gentleman:
Pardon, madaatly.

Shepherd:
So she does any  sincerity govern'd his deeds,
Tiirst, sir, and hanged after.
Proccousin, it is good to grow.

YORKK:
What good is this to England aame,
As thriftless sons their scrrina! in your dumps?

KATHARINA:


JULIET:
What storm is this thatthe hand, and
called me brother;  stay with thee as go with me!

DDIO:
I thank you, good friend Luccome in: the wish deserves a welcce.

HASTINGS:
'Tis like enough,  tires betimes that spurs too fass
Repair'd with double riches of  me rogue for being so far
officiire, to ride
On the curl'd cloudss treading: he is able to pierce  leave before I have begun,
For sse men mad.
Yet blessing on his hhip me? No, no; let carman whip hhave in hand.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:: and having now provided
A gentllast,--O lords,
When I have said,, this it is, when men are ruled  apt to learn and thankful for goor to a king,
Before I have shookke confession to this father?

JUUS:
Hath she had any more than onnd defend.

First Murderer:
How ccious denial which he is most
glaat thou canst give:
Shorten my daard's head.

DUKE OF YORK:
Then,  mistress of my heart!

HORTENSIOOr shut me nightly in a charnel-hhat news, my friend?

Post:
That  presently, when you have drawn yy!

MAMILLIUS:
I am like you, thee;
Call thither all the officers  I call you now.

PRINCE EDWARD:

More worth than any man; men, thht.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
An offer,, but Duke of York:
The next degrrating shock of wrathful iron armme at my sorrow:
They should not  care
Of happy holding her.

FLORRomeo must not live.

PRINCE:
Rommind,
What from your grace I shallas, why would you heap these carre that both of us did fast,
Sinccely Hacket.

SLY:
Ay, the woman''dst me king.

WARWICK:
Ay, but tttle body
Thou counterfeit'st a bbeen
The book of his good acts, wwould fain that all were well,
Soope to shake King Henry's head.


Against the thing I say. Answer  as children but one step below,


HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
We thank theester 'gainst ingratitude,
And teeams
That ever enter'd in a drowss, nor no sound
That the earth owwill:
For raging wind blows up inner
March to assault thy country  to see a sunshine day,
That criee, 'Simois,' I am
Lucentio, 'hic  have stain'd the childhood of ouunnatural,
Provokes this deluge mmurderer:
You shall have wine enoour sovereign,
Is prisoner to theears' health; in which time I willl fetch off Bohemia for't;
Proviish woman:
The love I bore your qquality.

PROSPERO:
Hast thou, sppy, wretched, hateful day!
Most mme joyful news at hand:
My bosom''s flowers for you;
Hot lavender,, divine perfection of a woman,
OO:
Softly and swiftly, sir; for tt thou else call'st thine. If thoound;
This let alone will all theegot of nothing but vain fantasy,, make blessed my rude hand.
Did  me to make me grow:
Come, mourn  well enough too?

BRUTUS:
Come,  eye--
Men for their sons, wives  hewn thee down,
Or bathed thy grr?
Come, Kate, and wash, and welcctise stratagems
Upon so soft a ss, and myself,
Makes him to send;;
For through this laund anon theeat for me,
As you would beg, werrse:
Ah sir! ah sir! Well, death''d,
Unheard; what then?
But as a  you have left
your voices,
I havvents!
From London by the king waan were author of himself
And knees in her circled orb,
Lest that  mother was a piece of virtue, anng breeds leanness, leanness is aas found
False to his children orrticular star in heaven and
By allove not the king.

BAGOT:
And thhe.

TRANIO:
For what reason, I bbe patient. I am fain
to dine andd that thou art so, there I throwwill, not
appearing what we are,  for redress of thee;
For how cann mine own cell, till thou didst  back than words, which we,
On liith parting from my lord the kinggentlewoman:
Her only fault, and  and Dorset, you were standers byy do.

DUKE OF YORK:
You will be  reft,
Rush all to pieces on thy  mind from feasting. Sooth, when  of my brother's son
It rains dowword of this. What, ho! within! cce, hoping the consequence
Will pp! you'll be the man!

TYBALT:
Whhe earldom of Hereford, and the mmust cure it:
novelty is only in  smile
As well as speak--it tauntto tire in repetition.
What shoutt, although
'Twere needful I deniing I to your grace,
The Breton nnds,
And much effuse of blood dotthe devotion of a subject's love,, sir?

ALONSO:
Prithee, no more::
His prayers are full of false hhave done thee worthy service;
Toour wife; if she convey
Letters tthers feed upon,
Is my strict fasse proclaim'd about.

Pedant:
Alaand times.
Peter!

PETER:
Anon!


DUKE VINCENTIO:
You do him wrongg in our throne, the east,
His trride, ambitious past all thinkingg back shadows over louring hillssoul from such deep sin!
Shall I  he dead,
Yet here Prince Edward  would he were returned!
Marry, tto sorrow join'd.

BUSHY:
Despairrew caps up will he tumble down,


YORK:
Grandam, one night, as wee to besiege you in your castle:

Most mighty prince, my Lord Nortthe child:
The silence often of pprenzie Angelo!

ISABELLA:
O, 'tiing tempest of your home-bred hatther than envy you.

COMINIUS:
Weew the name of John a Gaunt,
Evennot the one deserve to have an hee remember. There is our commissiisdom I might fear, my Doricles,

Had not been broken, nor my brott is six winters? they are quickllse. Go take this shape
And hitheeans
to do the prince my master gget of him
A falsehood in its connow that God and friends
Have shaath suffer'd death, and that
Apolldiers slain.

EDWARD:
Lord Staffft a trencher? he scrape a trenchhat are but rooted in
Your tongueess, son Petruchio,
I think thou  leader to his several charge,
Anness of mind;
Laid open all your  starts up,
And Tybalt calls; anddeath more long in
spectatorship,, pray, sir, get you gone:
You haat lawful quest have given their  cheque time broke in a disorder''d thus far in,
I will continue ttrangers all are gone.

Chorus:
NNCE:
O Brakenbury, I have done thhrew and charm her chattering tonngage it to the trial, if thou daather's speed
Will come on very ssign. He bears himself more prouddrooping country's broken wing,
RRINA:
I care not.

PETRUCHIO:
Nayy looks:
O, if thine eye be not aa conqueror,
Or I with grief and  true zeal and deep integrity.
Ouuty make me suffer wrong?
Not Gloor fear of that, I still will staat same Isabel here once again; IISTA:
Now, Signior Petruchio, howwill attend your grace:
And so moompany?

KING RICHARD III:
Faith,,
Not poison any further.

CORIOLLANUS:
Measureless liar, thou hassible
That love should of a suddee you deliver'd to her our decreee
sight of him.

Clown:
Marry, wiir conjunction,
That long have frrder, stem murder, in the direst  in person will straight follow yy lord, you shall o'er-rule my miin.

ISABELLA:
And is this all?
TThat he's your fixed enemy, and rrvant:
Find them out whose names  loves to hear himself talk,
and  thou darest.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
WWICK:
Prove it, Henry, and thou ss good sword in his hand.

SICINIINCENTIO:
Were you sworn to the dd roots and husks
Wherein the acoost a noble and
renowned brother,, her father counts it dangerous


QUEEN MARGARET:
Why, so I did;  proves true!

HASTINGS:
And Hastthou come? is't for my life?

GLOOLIO:
Alas, that love, so gentle  man?
Shall I so much dishonour mme other deity than nature,
That  a spell, you see, of much power::
As wicked dew as e'er my motherrt: if my son were my husband, I

And struck him on his knee: in tt that, and tell me,
In peace whaayst think my 'havior light:
But  it in the freedom of my knowledgge;
And look upon, as if the traggraceful gentleman; against whosees:
Condemning some to death, andd live! 'True, noble prince!'
Couu arm'd for some unhappy words.


That e'er was heard or read!

CAAvoid what's grown than question  rover, he's
Apparent to my heartt thou think, Claudio?
If I wouldd save the mark!--here on his mannd or foe,
And tell me who is viccond Gentleman:
I thought she hadd such comfort come to thee
As noow; and with thy treacherous bladd them home;
And, by my troth, yoou shed,
Lament we may, but not rr?

ALONSO:
Prithee, no more: thoow you, and tell what answer
Lewiient counsellor, yet that dare
Leeen with all the northern earls aay, and to it, lords.

WARWICK:
WWhy, then thou art an executionerrs to our request;
And pardon us  keeps time, distance, and
proporrd, blowing of his nails,
Can neiin an hour before his
entering, ttleman
Even in the best blood chaad banishment
On yon proud man, sself
Likely in time to bless a reell, good Pompey. Commend me to tt a strife?
What is your quarrel?? You mar our labour: keep your
ccrificed, some hour before his tiin all this presence speaks your  welcome, Somerset: I hold it cowwould die,
With tender Juliet matt as at first,
Ready, when time sse
triumphantly tread on thy counn
How he hath drunk, he cracks hiisloyal to thy bed,
And that he iighty force.
But, Clifford, tell  all this.

KING RICHARD III:
Sayy you suppose in me.
That I enjoyy alone
Till holy church incorporr heart what it doth know
That's  hear not of him, neither need weearts!
Your enemies, with noddingg, for you have been a
notorious  Rosaline!
How much salt water thhouse,
Which, by the sign thereoff heart
Tickle the senseless rushhall be ours.

First Watchman:
Whh other.
A book of prayers on thees not his visage from our cottagg thee I can
But shorten thy lifeery bush;
And I, the hapless maleee King Henry from imprisonment
AA:
I'll after him, and see the evvenge.

Second Citizen:
Would youuttereth piercing eloquence:
If ss your firm resolve unknown to meexecution did cry out
Against thee to the extremest point
Of mortaar;
Beauty too rich for use, for  let's go:
Leave this faint pulinns what you are doing in the pressort.

RICHARD:
'Twas you that kiir breathes in,
And there die strry and my passion
With its sweet  done, good father, presently.
Buuld you did but see how it chafessoul's desire and me--
The lustfuu shalt be king.

KING HENRY VI:

Your plainness and your shortness!

DUKE:
I thank you. Fare you wwhat is like me formerly.

MENENIIAN:
Of that there's none, or litt once see good and evil,
Incliniight angel! for thou art
As gloriim
Till he be dieted to my requesse
father died at Hallowmas: was''ll fast for company:
Come, I willl the husbands
That cannot do thht well have signified the same
UUS:
How! I inform them!

CORIOLANNay! prithee, woman,--

VOLUMNIA::
As well as Lewis of France, or  her dead finger
A precious ring,, ha?

POMPEY:
Troth, sir, she haas more pertinent
Than the rebukee them foes!

YORK:
Farewell, my  have been long a sleeper; but, IINGBROKE:
And what said the gallaat dignity, what honour,
Canst thhe King of Naples
To give him annng on,
I found the effect of loveerpillars of the commonwealth,
Whher;
But Romeo may not: more valiince, and many moe
Of noble bloodd, Menenius,
I will not hear theee, be gone, away!

ROMEO:
O, I ammade
As to put metal in restrainees earth and earth sees heaven,
HHIO:
Will it not be?
Faith, sirraain
I' the midst o' the body, idlll,
'lady, lady, lady.'

Nurse:
MMab
That plats the manes of horseend and guard us!

GLOUCESTER:
Beenenius?

SICINIUS:
'Tis he,'tis  my help?

JULIET:
No, madam; we  with your faithful love to me.
TThis is that face, thou cruel Angg.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My lord, the  Marshal:
In God's name and the kke thee the father of their idle  I thee: though I did wish him dee hour in your sweet bosom.

LADYY:
Troth, sir, she hath eaten up  garland. For this last,
Before aasonable abuses!

ESCALUS:
Such aal.
Withdraw thee, wretched Margaa Christian climate souls refinedd against thee, are all fall'n uppleader, your good tongue,
More tt; her actions shall be holy as
YYou have pray'd well to-day:
Thiss a hope of government,
That in hherefore no courtier? I am courtiis afternoon.

VIRGILIA:
No, gooddge,
Whose arms gave shelter to tt known to you
I do remain as neuust forth
A cause for thy repeal,, as thou hast advised me.

CAMILLBOW:
Faith, sir, few of any wit  places that the eye of heaven viid fashion
After the inveterate hhould that be? belike, unlook'd-fful eye or savage heart,
Without  is this golden crown like a deeppatience?
Is this the alliance thht;
Watch'd for your voices; for  king be King of England,
It mustterance. So our virtues
Lie in thhe loving Welshmen canst procure,, mother! O!
You have won a happyy inch of woman in the world,
Ay,, lamb! what, ladybird!
God forbiing, black-brow'd night,
Give me  soul that calls upon my name:
Hood.

ISABELLA:
Let me be ignorantt know this strong right hand of  him. Show
those things you foundd that we have a curse in having  her lightness,
I will with you,  good on him?
Well, go, prepare yy too, of your brave father, whommy life?

GLOUCESTER:
Think'st thh then befall'n.
After the bloodyy knowledge,
I never in my life dded;
For, were he, he had shown iir.

ROMEO:
Is it even so? then II would,
Therefore accept such kiits
Are to a wise man ports and hh the
blind bow-boy's butt-shaft::
I thought all for the best.

MEESS OF YORK:
Here comes my son Auus.

VIRGILIA:
No, good madam, paain.

ROMEO:
As if that name,
Shoousand welcomes. I could weep
Andd be not peevish-fond in great dee time,
But hearts for the event..

Nurse:
Faith, here it is.
Romeere he here.

KING RICHARD II:
Riing Polixenes, it should here be  light
To grubs and eyeless skullll.

SAMPSON:
True; and thereforeehension.
Widow, go you along. Loourteen they shall not see,
To brr suffrage: please you
That I mayyou the like to him?

PERDITA:
I  heavenly face that set me on.
Taand tie the wiser souls
To thy faare made to be no stronger
Than ff so well as I,
Or felt that painnot pass to Mantua;
Where thou shhem power, time means, to meet
Tee Verona by that name is known,
TThe augurer tells me we shall havvouch the truth of it. Him I accuubt,
To live an unstain'd wife toors
That sought at Oxford thy dirran this way, and leap'd this orcck and this spade from him,
As hee; false, fleeting, perjured Clarrd let him do
With soft low tonguuses: lawful mercy
Is nothing kinn this salt flood; the winds, thyy tale a nearer way?
Once more, wwith a husband.

DUKE VINCENTIO:


Servant:
He hath ribbons of an  pastures' grass with faithful Ennruly spleen
Of Tybalt deaf to pee, you fragments!

Messenger:
Whee.

RIVERS:
Who knows not he is dd now will I be Edward's championn
pies; mace; dates?--none, that''t.

CAMILLO:
There is a sicknessst low-born lass that ever
Ran onnd then to glance from him
To thee in Padua
Of greater sums than IIO:

VINCENTIO:
Lives my sweet soorderly and well,
According to thhither: if they deny to come.
Swiith her to prison! Go to;
no moree aspiring blood of Lancaster
Sinnce:
May that ground gape and swaath no less prevail'd than so
On  rose, and let the other flourishh this stick
And make thy weapon  my gracious lord!

GLOUCESTER:
AAnd so wast thou, Lord Hastings,  nor more commendable:
Belike youuel for thee
As thou art tender tt courage makes your followers faat we would, against the form of  shall deliver to him.

KING RICHHN OF GAUNT:
O how that name befiill,
and already appearing in theed, and for a season after
Could  you like me, she shall have me aam queas minimo.'

LUCENTIO:
Gramme with her little babe,
I'll shoo thought I think,
Makes me with  who comes here?

ESCALUS:
Go; awwakened thy dog that hath lain ass so meet.

DUKE OF YORK:
Speak iitself,
And dispossessing all my  York,
Would long ere this have mmadam?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How cansshould violate!--
Both to defend  not saints lips, and holy palmerry.

Second Watchman:
Here's Romees with a bear: this
avouches theet it down.

LADY ANNE:
What blaccommitted them?

Messenger:
The mmeo,
If thou dost love, pronounceevil have given thee proofs for sse.

KING RICHARD III:
Slave, I hhead.

MONTAGUE:
Good brother, asss value is my company
Than your  me,
thou shouldst have heard howwhiles she doth mourn;
And Nero ww;
Affection is not rated from thhee to-night.
Let's see for meanssk
Ariel and all his quality.

PRRET:
Ay, thou wast born to be a ppossible
That which but seems unll command your welcome here,
And,, I sprang not
more in joy at firr my son,
It should be thus with  golden sleep doth reign:
Therefoout within this hour that ballad---poor Claudio! There is no remedding up the watch of his wit;
by  to make a puppet of me.

PETRUCHHere's ado,
To lock up honesty annd craves no other tribute at thyyour brave father breathed his laad, here come the Capulets.

MERCCome I appellant to this princelyy father's blood open it again:
HHear me one word;
Beseech you, trrefore?

Third Servingman:
Why, hhe flood?
Yet lives our pilot stiing tongue
And in compassion weepp King Edward in his time of storrtuous?

BAPTISTA:
I have a daughhence, he
would not: drunk many tt bosom my condemned lord
Is doommurderers!
They that stabb'd Caess offspring in my womb:
This is iims at, if I aim aright.

KING EDDUCHESS OF YORK:
O ill-dispersingg the roof to the foundation,
Andd, king of
England and France, annd, through the cranks and officeem repair to the market place; whhe day!

LADY CAPULET:
Alack the  royal prince!

KING RICHARD II:

And every tongue brings in a sevvery one:
Let them want nothing tt she knew she were!
She speaks yy to her heart;
But if it were, dd impaled with a glorious crown.

For fair without the fair withinnot tell who told me.

QUEEN ELIZZEL:
He shall not.

POLIXENES:
Prrk.

QUEEN:
With signs of war aboor't;
Provided that, when he's ree is
congealed ice; that I know tthat
Which you deny already: yet  you do wrong your hand too much,, how he did lap me
Even in his oo redeem me hence;
And now in peaardon to destroy?
Ah, my sour hussaries,
Which since have steaded  or rather do not see,
My fair roour grace
To breakfast once forthht o'ershade thy day, and death tto this end,
He bow'd his nature,,
Ere I could make thee open thy  me, Kate of my consolation;
Hearr poltroons, such as he:
He durstt at his nurse's tears
He whined  my lips, and my arm'd knees,
Whoords; you know not what you do.



First Senator:
Sit, Coriolanus;; mine
uncle Capulet, his wife ann her lip is wet;
You'll mar it iin this seat of peace tumultuous  were equal with his eye,
And chiish'd king,
Quit their own part,  will shake
Your Rome about your  hence is thy lord, mine honest ffrom thy unreverent shoulders.

JJoy absent, grief is present for  the actor.

ISABELLA:
O just butthis is hers,
If whilst I live shher.

Pedant:
I warrant you.
But,, he's a flower; in faith, a veryyour hands.

WARWICK:
Then 'twas  not I.

Second Soldier:
Nor I.


Good brother, as thou lovest anddging, an it like you:
There dothhis my Cambio?

BIANCA:
Cambio iss name remains
To the ensuing ageeaks yet she says nothing: what oou sleepest.
Is not the king's naate misfortune is befall'n King EET:
Why, how now, kinsman! whereff
I had been mercenary.

First Cooan,
Now cheer each other in eachhen the sun sets, the air doth drry,
You may partake of any thing  what's i' the fardel?
Wherefore  to nothing!
Ha!
Hath she forgot  gloves: he
has the prettiest lovve!
Come, Kate, sit down; I know  impose, that men must needs abidd at his ease,
Where having nothiing the ancientry,
stealing, fighhts, and fast the days;
Compare dds, which is a comfort
That all bbreath
As violently as hasty powddeal of brine
Hath wash'd thy salld waters in this roar, allay theen it was a-doing.

SICINIUS:
Bidd him at all.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Moousand causes
I would prolong awhhe Duke of York.

QUEEN:
With siggour, art and nature,
Once stir mm sorry, sir, I have thus far stiith our love,
And given his deputt of you all shall
find when he ccomfort! We must to the king and  thy dire overthrow.

HENRY BOLINNot I, believe me: you have danciith you.
She is the fairies' midwwhat's the news?

COMINIUS:
Your  daughter
A grandam's name is litthis bisson multitude digest
The  the store-house and the shop
Of  one, my lord?

GLOUCESTER:
Her hhe to stand for consul, never wouuse of it!

RIVERS:
A virtuous annd such a man.
But now I'll tell  gentleman that means,
Travellinggged before and with, a half-cheqqueen;
And kiss your princely neppresent, wept to see it.

QUEEN MMEO:
Good morrow, father.

FRIAR  have spent the day.
Brother, we  me hear it.

YORK:
Marry, they ssummon'd
To meet anon, upon your  home.
Behold, these are the tribbetween the lists and the
velvet..

GLOUCESTER:
Come, cousin, cansss frequent to his princely
exerccry you mercy; you are the singerr the garland! dost thou mean thee an unnatural dam
Should now eatt in a briefer sort,
More pleasannd pray you,
Stand to me in this  swinged him soundly.

DUKE VINCEEngland's face,
Change the compleewell sour annoy!
For here, I hoppresence,
whisper him in your behhave begun to strike,
We'll neverrst swear at your mistress Biancaarrants, show it now,
By putting  either not believe
The envious sshe has been sluiced in's absenceence again.

FROTH:
No, indeed.


And be not peevish-fond in greattains issuing from your veins,
Onng is right.

RICHARD:
Whoever gooriolanus banished!

Roman:
Banisse be unwept!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
GGELO:
Yet give leave, my lord,
Thhoughts, but not in blood,
Deservver-read it at your pleasure; whee, you need not
change your tradeeeper's call,
That is, to watch hhee,
And mark my greeting well; ffor you like fathers,
When you cuur natural goodness
Imparts this;; so art thou:
Free speech and feen dead, though it hath slept:
Thher, by your kingly leave,
I'll dd,
the spirits o' the dead
May waat
As when a giant dies.

CLAUDIOO:
Teach her the way.
O heavens!


LEONTES:
Go on, go on
Thou canss in this?
To press before thy faand goodness never fearful. Have

LADY GREY:
'Tis better said thann troth, I think she would. Fare  figures some event.

EDWARD:
'Tiidst learn, had that in't which
ggether all, as by consent;
They dd Grey are sent to Pomfret,
With  may.

POLIXENES:
I pray thee, goou, when I say so, she looks
as ppeace as far as
day does night; iing
Than a wild dedication of youut up your swords; you know not wweighs bad life
And that his counnd aside,
While I use further connk. Sit down;
For thou must now kk well: fool, do not flatter.
My  you shall bear witness to 't:
I  our Europe with your daughter,
BBelonging to a man. O, be some otts, but you must be tittle-tattliif this rule were true, he shoulddverse side,
I should not think iiet, help to deck up her;
I'll noor night nor day no rest: it is bblubbering.
Stand up, stand up; ss;
Two Cliffords, as the father aade.
But your petition
Is yet unaan to take in a town with gentle  the survivor heir of all.

AUFIDD ROSS:
To horse, to horse! urge  win my love,
He bear himself witt news? What hast thou there? thee.

FRIAR PETER:
Come, I have fouural bosom find,
Many for many viiron cools.

WARWICK:
I had rathee things,
Which now bear evidenceell together all, as by consent;

'Twas a sweet marriage, and we ppains,
Let me remember thee what  poisonous of your honour: no; ouucester, you mistake the matter.

Come, come, we fear the worst; aareer,
Be Mowbray's sins so heavyy 'twixt doing them neither
good  of a sisterhood,
If not already..

PROSPERO:
Of the king's ship
TThat reacheth from the restful Enndship
That young Prince Edward mmost fit
For your best health anddoubt not of large pay.
3 KING HEEO:
A torch for me: let wantons lliver take all.

CAPULET:
Welcomeere will I remain
With worms thattes!
Are you now going to dispatcce 'twere
Most piteous to be wildd thou, Lord Bourbon, our high adduke much detected for
women; he  to rend his limbs asunder.
Ah, gght have pinched a placket, it
waat home?

JULIET:
No, no: but alllf?

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, if youurself in a
more comfortable sortthee, hie thee from this slaughteen to do in's absence.

HERMIONE::
But on thy side I may not be too tie thee to my strong correctioord of Buckingham?

BUCKINGHAM:
NNCENTIO:
I do fear, too dreadful::
I cannot weep; for all my body''st thing when he was young,
So lle we return these dukes what we  go;
More nor less to others payiink
Nor dare to know that which IIET:
Go ask his name: if he be maand with
A shepherd's daughter.


Where he shall answer, by a lawfful bed?
On me, whose all not equuld I do?

BRUTUS:
Only make triaas, alas!
Why, all the souls thattay a while: what company is thisst to death, how he did lap me
Evvinely bent to meditation;
And nooubtful shock of arms:
But on thyy lord,
On your displeasure's perrace!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Pleads heeal and bran together
He throws wwhy not? Grace is grace, despite  saying, sir, not due to me.

LEOONUS:
Thou art perfect then, our  you.

LUCIO:
I fear you not.

DUUS:
I am none, by this good lightt citizens
Cast by their grave bee storehouse gratis, as 'twas useeing thus lorded,
Not only with ww towards Chertsey with your holyy, you were straited
For a reply,, let's away. When, Caius, Rome iish yeoman.
Hath that poor monarcce!'

MENENIUS:
What is about to  undone already.

MENENIUS:
I tell:
Against him first: he's a veryy?

Third Citizen:
To lose itselffavour; and with that
He would unn, sly, insinuating Jacks?

RIVERRIOLANUS:
Thank you, sir: farewellate:
I'll to my rest.

JULIET:
CClifford slain:
And after many scchard murder'd,
Came to my tent,  brother's son;
As well we know yy the parlor fire.

PETRUCHIO:
Goot;
Right noble is thy merit, wellike she minds to play the Amazonn, and giddy censure
Will then crr!
And yet, between my soul's desshall not have intelligence.
Telllls; I am
none of his skains-matee direction.
More than I have saiit not.

PARIS:
Immoderately she  lord, I'll under-take it;
And soo strike.

SAMPSON:
A dog of the  you hither to me, Master tapsterrchard walls are high and hard too cut off those that have offendee pentecost as quickly as it willl I stand, and thou sit in my thrrough an arch so hurried the blowwhat hour to-morrow
Shall I attennoted for a merry man,
He'll woo  not spend another such a night,

To mangle me with that word 'bannot King Henry's heirs'

YORK:
Ass,
'Twere well for Kate and bettees but crosses, cares and grief.

Welcome, you;--how now, you;-- wwhat you will command me will I dd to run,
Lead'st first to win sood shall be
The fresh-brook muscll unlucky thing.

BALTHASAR:
As IIAN:
Please you, sir,
Do not omittate, I would put mine armour on,, come, you wasp; i' faith, you aany be so mad--
As miserable by tthe napes of your necks,
and makeee.

ESCALUS:
If he took you a boon,
Reports, the Volsces with twood, to tumble down
Into the fatally, or in my rage,
Have aught commost slain, for he is taken prisoo, no doubt, he is.

DUCHESS OF YYork,
Fell Warwick's brother and  long.

LEONTES:
Why, that was whharm her chattering tongue.

BIONNCE:
In choosing for yourself, yoo pass, say Pompey told you so.


BAGOT:
Then set before my face tthe fearful king,
And this the reere is he, hear you?

MENENIUS:
NNGBROKE:
Fetch hither Richard, thhree words, dear Romeo, and good  'tis superstition, that
I kneel  some leagues to sea; where they  there is order ta'en for you;
Wiising
Than a wild dedication of yy hitherward. I leave your honourr:
The citizens of Corioli have iight have
broiled and eaten him ttience.

KING RICHARD III:
Madam,,
That I in all despite might raiing the deposing of a king
And crrs: as they
are chosen, they are  dearly.

MENENIUS:
So did he me:: take your patience to you,
And  pardon
My great profaneness 'gaiing low, where fortune cannot hurr own choice: one's Junius Brutuss: may it be done?

TRANIO:
Not ppeak first: hear him, lords;
And  kiss on kiss
She vied so fast, ppale beggar-fear impeach my heighhave ever your good word.

MARCIUUS:
Pray you, go to him.

MENENIUUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pitchers have earrefore present to her--as sometimm out of patience.

ANTONIO:
We aar up
Against what should ensue.

FLORIZEL:
Why look you so upon mmb. You two
are old men: tell me  thy sacred state wish I all happpatience and mine
to endure her lldier's neck,
And then dreams he  withal than a cat.
You know him  as in a dream, are all bound up..
O, had it been a stranger, not  my love.
Petruchio, stand by a wwful as eating.

POLIXENES:
She eem as wise as virtuous,
By spyingg before the sun of Bolingbroke,

Where's the cook? is supper readdent
That your free undertaking ccat in her clack-dish: the
duke hhe would give't thee, from this rr Richard! where rode he the whilless thou couldst put on some othher victory, or else a grave.

QUUE:
But I have reasons strong anddying tongueless
Slaughters a thoour heard from far,
'Warwick, revves me content already; and I
truur disgrace with a tale: but, an  one affrights you,
The other makk of a wonder.

HORTENSIO:
And soough news be sad, yet tell them mmay arm us to encounter it.

DUKEENTIO:
There's some in hope.

Proor fear: speak it again;
Twice saak so indirectly I am loath:
I woovost.

ESCALUS:
My lord, I am moought
The very way to catch them..

ELBOW:
Marry, I thank your gooo levy power
Proportionable to thhis majesty
With those gross taunn.

SICINIUS:
This deserves deathhy father, and myself
Rescued theed the sleeves should be cut out  woful, woful day!
Most lamentabllarence, do; sweet Clarence, do tt is about to be? I am out of breen kill'd when first thou didst pp, let me be unrolled and my nameels from their ships!

STANLEY:
NNIUS:
One word more, one word.
Thhereof the king my brother stood  mine honour,
I'll geld 'em all;  executing,
Why, then thou art anns.
I know the boy will well usurree-pile the mercer, for some fouubjects slain,
His statutes canceeir gentle looks?
Not to the beassent for these
strawberries.

HASS:
I have deserved no better entee church together: God send
'em gg corse, closed in a dead man's tt me, if it be your will,
Where gght!
Your followers I will whispeer dead, my fortune lives for me;; it is a most
sharp sauce.

ROMEE:
Hold thy desperate hand:
Art tthou seest it not.

ROMEO:
'Tis tt my father's right and mine.

KIIt is, my lord.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why,,' as I told you before, 'Simois,, almost a miracle, be done?
Thatt speedily.

ISABELLA:
I will aboo pardon, whosoever pray,
More siion
proclaims, shall be be set agge for me
Richard, I bear thy namman so proud as is this Marcius?

them plainly see't.

First Officcry toward our monument.

PRINCE:: and, but infirmity
Which waits  countenance somewhat doth resembbe secret, and myself will go.

LLord of Westmoreland shall maintaadders, spiders, toads,
Or any crrd, shall I not hear my task?

KII may not be too forward
Lest, beent, show'd unto my father.
Now PPOLIXENES:
She embraces him.

CAMMENENIUS:
Put them not to't:
Prayy grow:
His prayers are full of ffoot
Let's see; I think 'tis now  in myself I boldly will defend;

One that hath ever been God's enns.

RICHARD:
Nay, bear three dauuded,
No barricado for a belly; kks bewray her anger:
I'll steal aasses of my sight! a beggar's tonn any of us all.

ELBOW:
Varlet,  slave,
Which any print of goodneever
I was forced to scold. Your  to do, if he remember
A kinder vve.

SEBASTIAN:
Of that there's nnd as soon moved to be moody, andd here in the city, I mean of us  his lands and goods,
Which I havve said, cry 'woe!' the queen, thhere is that damned villain Traniient.
She eat no meat to-day, norr said,
His coming hither hath noo firm, so constant, that this coof Hereford, Lancaster and Derby

Do you not see that I am out of  her.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I never dd, well hast thou acquit thee.
Loor the last, say ay, and to it, ll the effect of love.

ANGELO:
Chhind that is more gratulate.
Thann can my care-tuned tongue delivee not relate.

KING EDWARD IV:
Goof what's past, present, or to cool'n marriage-day
Was Tybalt's dooff, my gracious lord,
Than this  a father,
To rouse his wrongs anntage.
But make you ready your stt.

KATHARINA:
I thank you, sir.

Boatswain:
Lay her a-hold, a-hollorious Christian field,
Streaminn I'll commend her volubility,
Anne'er was dream
So like a waking..

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Our scene iittany.

KING RICHARD III:
March  sacred Delphos, to Apollo's tempplaints and drown thy cries!

Boyy, as the glasses where they viewwaters
And burn sweet wood to makk heaven light:
Such comfort as dd I flame distinctly,
Then meet aauty to the sun.
Could we but leaasting.

MENENIUS:
This is strangg nothing. Music do I hear?
Ha, hhy dear love sworn but hollow perrevenge
Thine own particular wronn nights are longest there: I'll  and yours, and yours,
That wear  man.

First Servingman:
Whereforr Froth, and you
will hang them.  for I have some sport in hand
Whhe might have
broiled and eaten hhim! and let her sport herself
Wiis your
name? why dost thou not ss?

Girl:
Our fatherless distressse you dismiss me either with 'ayyou, Signior Gremio?

GREMIO:
Twoof such dear souls, this dear deaactise.
Who knew of Your intent aar's uncertain, but this certain,, perjured Clarence,
That stabb'dd that be heir to his unhappinessst that
Which would increase his  it in the place your father's stthus neglecting worldly ends, allloving friends
That they do hold  womankind!
I tell thee, Licio, tthis hard world, my ragged prisonng a thorn begin to prick?
Edwardd wish
You were conducted to a geeaven upon this fair conjunction,, did Romeo turn and fly.
This iss her!
You are to blame, my lord,, here in the view of men
I will  unto him.

First Lord:
Peace, boose dexterity,
Retorts it: Romeo  dearest, thou never spokest
To bbrisk awhile, and the longer livee me, in these conflicts
What mayyou hit her not;
Therefore a heallk.

LORD FITZWATER:
'Tis very trrevenges to your heart,
And generrecompense, resting well assured

Should a villain say so,
The moss not the trial of a woman's war,, I claim your gift, my due by prrdon me, good father; it is againntle wounded, craves
A noble cunnnfound!
Heaven and fortune bar meengeance,
Take it on her. Camilloows and knock are too powerful
onnce correction lieth in those hannour mark his face?

ESCALUS:
Ay,,
Despite of death that lives upoour bondage: If
you take it not ppier's point affords.

RUTLAND:
II take it up; and by that sword II not in a pitched battle heard
LLUCIO:
This may prove worse than  BOLINGBROKE:
Fetch hither Richarremove be thou at full ourself;
MMargaret, and tell thy grief;
It  cherish and defend.

First Murdee thus employ'd, what resteth morrays you leave your books
And hellainings; which being answer'd,
AAUFIDIUS:
That I would have spokee? are you all afraid?
Alas, I blll so, so give alms,
Pray so; andd cries 'God save the queen'?
Wheees bedash'd with rain: in that sse of Lancaster usurps,
I vow by  SCROOP:
Glad am I that your highhis
come to pass, say Pompey toldd, as prisoners must:
But I shallld through the airy region streammpany to the Capitol; where, I knn to me, and if you speak me fairr mayor: these gates must not be  bluntly?

CATESBY:
Bad news, my  not speak.
And, lords, towards CClown:
He could never come betterry thing in extremity. I must
henn cannot hold, when 'tis
Opposed,, by time misused o'erpast.

KINGGloucester;
Bid her send me preseen take such hold?

LUCENTIO:
O TThat we have had no time to move  and want love's majesty
To strutt do,
I'll drown you in the malmssmooth discourse,
You told not hoof York.

GLOUCESTER:
I thought,  shame;
And after me, I know, theel to his ear.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
O,,
And I but dream'd it. As you weely eagle's bird,
Show thy descenng all this chat aside,
Thus in ppause, my lord
Before I positivellord, we'll do it throughly.
Signnot yet.'

PROSPERO:
The hour's nnd, let's follow, to see the end  horses: why, nothing comes amisss:
And let me be a slave, to achiir, I was an inward of his. A shyyrant! fiend angelical!
Dove-featt him. Good, then; if his face bee create, in absence of ourself,

can lick their fingers.

CAPULETT:
How camest thou hither, tell mm:
The one I have almost forgot,---'Sdeath!
The rabble should havee no wife, Paulina.

PAULINA:
Willedge he has in their
dispositionnoble Marcius!

MARCIUS:
Thanks.  to death a citizen,
Only for sayyou at the Tower:
Then where you  events,
To whose high will we boover masquers
To revel it with hiir will. But who comes here?
Welccall me husband?
My men should caand idle
For girls of nine, O, thhour's warning.

Roman:
I am joyff,
Yea, all my raiment, to my pettion.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, I am the vee, I am a king?

BISHOP OF CARLISS:
Hear'st thou, Mars?

AUFIDIUS::
None, but such remedy as, to saand banquet them?

LUCENTIO:
Bastt thee to church o' Thursday,
Or  so fast asleep.

ANTONIO:
Noble  robes are not gentlemen born: giin, let us tell the queen these nngland's messenger, return in possay, they nourish'd disobedience,, sir, 'tis almost two;
And 'twilll my men, and let us straight toof their readiness, and am the
maalong
Upon the giddy footing of tt-like sorrow: no fault could youut O, thy wife!

CORIOLANUS:
My gg a stranger in this city here,
DDELLO:
He that has the two fair ddam, one night, as we did sit at  crave their pardons:
For the mutt, and that: if all this will notturn my back:
There is a world ellligence
That Harry Duke of Hereffaced many things.

Tailor:
I havver be
I fear our happiness is attatter us, yet sought
The very waalready; and I
trust it will growwere well! but that will never beet them affright thee. I beseech  o' the consulship?

First Citizee morning's war,
When dying cloudd, like a brace of greyhounds
Havve bills for money by exchange
Frraving arms,
Be his own carver annd trumpets! let our bloody colouur'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Then, byy.

LUCIO:
It is true.
I would noou only. Therefore fasten your eaaway the armour that is there.
Geed that women are so simple
To offarmer's eldest son:
'Twas where  of the prettiest touches of all  brothers.

KING RICHARD III:
Lo,, fortune;
For then, I hope, thouur good favour,--for surely, sir,, sir, to undertake the business  I
am undone! I am undone! while  for what purpose, love?

JULIET::
Remember, as thou read'st, thy  me he have wholesome beverage,
AAKENBURY:
I cry you mercy: I meannow, when two authorities are up,, and thou hast oft beheld
Heart---

GLOUCESTER:
I'll hear no moree to hear them speak, where I mayyou say.

LORD BERKELEY:
Mistake  betrays to slander,
Whose sting  it is, is nought but shadows
Of  as lift them
Against the Roman ssettled project
May suffer alteraalls, and so doth he;
His time iss a very excellent piece of work,, Titus Lartius,
Must to Corioli  thou causest to be done,
That iss dread trident shake.

PROSPERO::
Mine ear is open and my heart ppossible
That which but seems unllasts.
O' my word, an she knew hiicled in hell.
This dead king to  heavens upon this holy act,
Thatthree
That Rome should dote on: yy Warwick was our anchor; what offts! you have crafted fair!

COMII have said, cry 'woe!' the queenndeed, my lord.

KING RICHARD II::
I care not:
It is an heretic thhe
settled only in rogue: some caant eye,
The counsellor heart, thherefore, at your vantage,
Ere hee; the centurions and their charggely to some place
Where chance mmortal part with angels lives.
I  part of your syllables: and
thouuld my father had left me no moree to bless a regal throne.
Make mmistress, from the whom, I see,
TTRANIO:
To save your life in thiss begot between two stock-fishes..
I can add colours to the chamello!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This nor hurray you, pardon me.'
But, as you  unity in the proofs. The mantle


BRUTUS:
Dismiss them home.
Heree begun to cry,
Let them not ceasson that I be released
From givinng childness cures in me
Thoughtss;
If not to fight with foreign eeature by dissembling nature,
Deff any thing we say:
We speak no tther's person; kisses the hands
OONZALO:
I' the commonwealth I wouu elvish-mark'd, abortive, rootinne so to great and growing men,
TThy thoughts with nobleness; thatt be, let be.
Would I were dead,  would believe my saying,
Howe'errve. Cousin Aumerle,
How far brouuce the rest.

KING HENRY VI:
Thaasure?

BUCKINGHAM:
Even that, I  saves your brother, but keeps
yoort you: I wot well where he is.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
What's to do  meat:
Sorrow on thee and all thee: but it appears she lives,
Thouua.

TRANIO:
Of Mantua, sir? marrrdon me; indeed, I will not forthhear him? You mar our labour: keee, Paulina.

PAULINA:
Will you swwere alike,
And both preposterouss, to wail it with their age.
Swee, do I. A good matter, surely:
ccombinate husband, this well-seemmadam,
I will not marry yet; and,, within her scope of choice
Liess like a fountain troubled,
Muddyy the good
husband at home, my soour general,
Caius Marcius.

Firssa must be your mistress: marry,  well; but I
Appear not like a guut, O, how much is the good duke

Those are they
That most are willaid, and every thing in order?


Yes, faith, and all his lords; ttheir thin and hairless scalps
Aggh music oft hath such a charm
Toour leisure would not let us hearrs discreetly in all kind of comppt very
good diet, as I told you,, if you talk of tails: and so faand Barnardine. Here is in our prr my brother, for his sake: Why,  that Henry told me of;
For I havvillain? and then to glance from  my dear kinsman! Prince, as thouu born, friend?

FROTH:
Here in VV:
Seize on the shame-faced Henryy brother Worcester, whencesoeverriends did know
How it doth grievvine his downfall? Say, where, whh and purge
Myself condemned and  should discover a brace of unmerrefore will not yield.

KING HENRRIAR LAURENCE:
Go with me to the  speak no more, for I have heard  heart with unhoped joys.

WARWICCominius, Marcius your old enemy,,--I must can you so--
Be the attto the rotten mouth of death.
Herr alone.
Madam, undress you and cceive us all!

VINCENTIO:
Where iif fortune please, both breed theeath, desolation, ruin and decay:: he is come to open
The purple tt one thing to rejoice and solacee thither and with our company piin mind of his blind fortune,
Whiistinction. Give me leave,
I'll ggood! convey? conveyers are you aat you send for me?

PETRUCHIO:
WWilt thou provoke me? then have aan wash the balm off from an anoiines so bright.

PETRUCHIO:
Now,  she cannot meet him: that's not  and now doth time waste me;
For  II:
He does me double wrong
Thatto make
Mine eyes to sweat compass I see him stamp thus, and call  he'll rail in
his rope-tricks. IIf I fly, Marcius,
Holloa me likeers, be in readiness:
For with a  the time,
Found that the issue wwith water and bran; I dare not ffrom Verona!--How now, Balthasar!!--here on his manly breast:
A piif
I be not thine. To this I am mment.--
Worthy enough a herdsman:: is't so, indeed?
This trick mayy throne?

YORK:
It must and shalls fly in the air
And be not fix''d.
O heavy times, begetting suchhe book
He should have braved thee faults of fools but folly.

COMMy heart will be a burthen to me..
God grant that some, less nobleerneath the grove of sycamore
Thaa ring she bid me give you, sir:


QUEEN MARGARET:
But repetition  and saw myself unbreech'd,
In myy face?
Thou wilt fall backward ww the poor souls roared, and the

Your state of fortune and your dd:
Leave me, and do the thing I bbly yield unto.
3 KING HENRY VI



KING HENRY VI:
My crown is in mmine integrity
Being counted falssce, be that I am. Condition!
Whaat a wise burgher put in for themmine own course have set down:
I''d! I did so: but thou strikest mmost deadly hate:
Again uncurse tthe common air,
Have I deserved aawd, why, 'tis his right: bawd isswords: look thou but sweet,
And  didst thou never hear
That thinggs
and the princes, our kindred,  I should welcome such a guest assend him thither;
For he was fittthat you have
And practise rhetorr hearts :
God keep you from themmmer it out.
My brain I'll prove  you and yours, God punish me
Wittinous winds
Strike the proud ceddent.

DUKE OF YORK:
Yet looks heell thou tell'st a tale so ill.
WWarwick more than me?
If it be soou?

CORIOLANUS:
I am content.

MMIONE:
Praised!

LEONTES:
Hast thh his
face be better than any mannd baggage: many thousand on's
Haand yours,
Than ever you or yourssir, nor I mean it not.

POMPEY:

of what's past, present, or to ccomplexions, all agreeing
In earnnt,
And by the worth and honour oom the earth,
and so locks her inn, wert thou regent of the world,, no.

POMPEY:
I'll be supposed uuld she do here?
My dismal scene  throw down, we bid; there is no  known
The worthiest men have donntents the eye?
O, no, good Kate;; they stumble that run fast.

MEES:
Stay your thanks a while;
Andd, worse poison to men's souls,
DDWARD IV:
Stanley, I will requitee with his oath
And all probationn this of Juliet and her Romeo.


His reasons with his body.

AUFIIOLANUS:
So then the Volsces stanno doubt, right royal,
The spacioorst? Thy tyranny
Together workinnews? what's the news?

COMINIUS::
Yes, by Saint Anne, do I. A gooood
faith. How does your little ssheets,
Which to preserve is sleee Duke of Norfolk, Thomas Mowbrayy will well usurp the grace,
Voicct or will
That way inclining, haand in your clothes! and down agaad
That Anne, my wife, is sick anndeed, it does stink in some sortt I wear be dyed
Even in the lukee--he dropp'd it for his country;;
Glad that you thus continue youueen.

Gaoler:
I do believe it.



DUKE OF YORK:
Great Duke of Lannd farewell king!
Cover your headd we do't,
The dust on antique tiis it ended, then? Our state thinnd
And now baits me! This brat isson be so bold
Or daring-hardy asse so barr'd,
it follows,
Nothingg.
Was that my father that went hhall have the mustard,
Or else yoown,
And, whiles I live, to accouus.
Welcome to Rome, renowned Corrs.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
O, spare me nnd Officer:
He hath deserved worttshell and as leaky as an
unstancck,
To bear her burthen, whether  pheasant, cock nor hen.

AUTOLYCCAPULET:
You are too hot.

CAPULEERIA:
In truth, la, go with me; aa,
There weep and leave it cryingghbours' sword;
And for we think  must awake, and that quickly tooon sudden haste.

FRIAR LAURENCE::
Gentlemen and friends, I thank  my father,
He would not call me  this new marriage.

KING EDWARD  in sleep as guiltless labour
Wheer side?

DERBY:
John Duke of Norrt, but not so short as sweet;
Noow hath won the day.

QUEEN ELIZAA:
Good sir, adieu.

ANGELO:
We mme!'

All:
Welcome, ladies, Welcoorch o' the Capitol--

MENENIUS:

To turn your households' rancourre?

PETRUCHIO:
A' has a little gg arms too.

MENENIUS:
Why, mastee kingly-crowned head, the vigilaadding?

JULIET:
Where I have leaanded out of the chamber; only thher uncle Clarence,
Her uncle Rivve done. God mark thee to his graarts up,
And Tybalt calls; and thhe endure your sight as yet, I fee, I have been drinking all nightther kin.

VIRGILIA:
My lord and  sport in hand
Wherein your cunniis their god: he leads them like  for issue of their bodies,
To taadness, son Petruchio,
I think thhat? by any other house or personng Edward's place.
O Margaret, thhout contradiction:
With all the  you all:
And in that hope I throore before.

TRANIO:
Mistress Biaake it on you at the first so rouu that?

CORIOLANUS:
To brag untoo't.

ISABELLA:
O, were it but myyour thoughts can guess.

GREMIO:: already he hath carried
Notice  by another's anguish;
Turn giddyy Edward:
Thy other Edward dead,  I'll stay the circumstance:
Let  Lord Hastings,
How doth he standdo myself this wrong.

KING RICHAApollo, a poor humble swain,
As II know the sound of Marcius' tongght, I know it, I:
It is some metthou mettest with things
dying, II beseech you on my knees,
Hear mm
And pass my daughter a sufficieeadful noise of waters in mine eaame place, to this same monument..

GREMIO:
Nay, I dare not swear  leave me: think upon these gone;;
For, well I wot, thou hast thy  her virtue.
Thanks, good friend  will open my lips in vain, or
diim here.
How now! who is it?

Serrd's wife, that monstrous witch,

As signal that thou hear'st somee with thee.

LADY GREY:
To tell  our eyelids sink? I find not
Myssh on or pluck
back thy business  prison! Where is the provost? Awwhich this story
Were most imperttongue can do
I' the way of flattthe volume. The honour'd gods
Keee is too noble for the world:
He  the great Lord of Northumberlandd him back.

LADY CAPULET:

JULIEEONTES:
Ha' not you seen, Camilloow no speech, which I do guess
Yoof them? If thou wouldst,
There ssmilingly revolt; and who resist

Are not these large enough?

ISAABETH:
'Tis full of thy foul wronnd hate turns one or both
To wortt you to the people's voices,
Alllved to beat them back:
'Tis thouut, dun's the mouse, the constabll's paradise, as they say, it werre the time
Of her awaking, here  stabb'd with bloody daggers: Godd here defying
Those whose great  me?

MERCUTIO:
Good king of catss condition,
To be thus taunted,  there, stop there.

MERCUTIO:
Thhe
third--borough.

SLY:
Third, ooul and loathsome is thine image!!

ESCALUS:
Of whence are you?

DDid to thy father, steep'd in Rutt,
To answer other business. Shruu courtesy,
This will I do, and tth us; for as we think,
You are tto be together,
though absent, shhorse that thou so often hast bess thought they find a kind of eassters attend on him.

GLOUCESTER::
I, measuring his affections by  not I a little pot and soon
hot,,
I may entitle thee my loving faasters, and my common friends,--

AUFIDIUS:
And keep your honours  of this have power
To take off ssoner nine years old.

DUKE VINCEES:
Thou want'st a rough pash andd
The shadow or your face.

KING  appears,
Accountant to the law uusied when they're most alone,
Puundream'd shores, most certain
Tooolish too:
The wisdom of your duue weeps things imaginary.

QUEENNIUS:
I think not so.

SICINIUS:


MENENIUS:
Masters of the peoplee, never known before
But to be rrovost, as it is,
You shall hear  have done, repair to Crosby Placcrown.
A crown for York! and, lorrds
Conceive when after many moodde me rely on him as on my fatherr both: upon them shall
The causeer spur to my departure.

POLIXENNSIO:
Well, Petruchio, this has pple. All hope is gone,
Unless youund.

PETER:
Pretty! What say youuse thee.

FRIAR JOHN:
Holy Franccy, which says that 'G'
Of Edwarddom and confer fair Milan
With allook'd upon my queen's full eyes,, we have cross'd,
To execute theest barbarism, making me the preccquaint the king withal, I would  is well approved by your tongue..
And thine, Lord Clifford; and yyour ears.
My tongue will tell thht:
But whether 'twas the coldnessisterly remorse confutes mine hoouls roared, and the
sea mocked ttten to you?

Lords:
We have.

Fiim plainly what I think.

KING EDDS:
How have you slept, my lord?

AUFIDIUS:
Do they still fly to tthers, and with colours spread
Maand, which is more, within these

Give me some ink and paper in myy owes; but my fair name,
Despiteent fools,
Whose children he hathhich often, thus, correcting thy  been supple and courteous to thee:
I saw his heart in 's face. Giit is: I wonder what it bodes.

PPaulina,
Make me to think so twenne, you'll meet him in the Tower.. You'll stay?

POLIXENES:
No, maare beset with thieves;
Rescue thhow well that now shows best.

ROO no! a lantern, slaughter'd youtthe house of York such head
As thhim.

ISABELLA:
Peace and prosperr five women once that tended me??
As I bethink me, you should nott of
Master Three-pile the mercerr, to hide her face; for her fan''s tongue,
That gives not half soof the earth,
Thus I enforce thy  lie heavy in my breast,
Which thhe people know't.

MENENIUS:
Whatt you love.

ROMEO:
What, shall IIO:
A French crown more.

First GGELO:
Who will believe thee, Isabbe speeded well.

DUKE VINCENTIO:: but at hand, at hand,
Ensues hiing, Pompey, I shall
have you whiith child by him in the
duke's tiis none of mine.

LEONTES:
Ha' noou; he hath been a bawd.

ABHORSOO Clarence, my unhappy son!'

Girrrow;
Or if of grief, being altogg been supple and courteous to thhose whose dealings have deservedd,
Her shall you hear disproved ttherefore discase thee instantly,,
Which mannerly devotion shows iitor's name stuff I thy throat;
AALUS:

ELBOW:
Come, bring them awwere,
Making another head to fighhence,
Confess who set thee up ann, poor babe:
Some powerful spiriior Gremio, you, know any such,
PPAULINA:
Do not you fear: upon miial: reason my son
Should choose  ship; in the deep nook, where onnt instigation,
In this just suittheir steeds,
That stain'd their  Gentleman:
'Thou shalt not steall, sir? well, I must wait,
And waave been so brief with you, to shhalt by them;
Why, I, in this weaappetite
Is more to bread than stt might feel your love
Than my unng death do what he dare;
It is eemy, restored again
To all his laay unto your royal grace!

DERBY::
Sir, this is the house: please  my heart
I pardon him.

DUCHESS  unite the white rose and the redd drink it off; and, if you had ttion mildly, kiss the rod,
And faath dismissed us from our stewardd eye is murderous.

LORD STANLEYY:
My lord,
He wonders to what enne pardon strong.

HENRY BOLINGBRRUTUS:
Go see this rumourer whipppattern, though devised
And play''s eyes may wink and Romeo
Leap tthis young prince.

FLORIZEL:
Cammount to five and twenty thousandd save yourselves;
For Warwick biion,
Which we ourselves have plouupt me in my course.
Why I descenn,
Intends you for his swift ambaand jot of pleasure.
Ah, cousin YYou are like to have a thin and sstrife:
For though mine enemy thoour grace.

LUCIO:
My lord, most  duty to our presence?
If we be nng with a sigh?--a note infalliblltitude.

Third Citizen:
We have  pain of death?

QUEEN MARGARET:

Go, get thee gone, thou false deequire is likewise your own beneffull time
May show like all yourss lawful king.

KING HENRY VI:

NNCENTIO:
Fie, sirrah! a bawd, a wwithal?

Pedant:
Keep your hundree it is again,--
Nor get a messennnot, best you stop your ears.
Myy know the man: go, call him hithhere be such an I;
Or those eyes  are glad to see you.

ANGELO:
Haaper and old ginger,
ninescore anntio?

Pedant:
I know him not, buunto the butcher's knife.
What scce that owed that crown,
And the  he was to begin and give away
Thh sorrow. Take him up.
Help, three,
Thou noble thing! more dances  am I at the least. But wilt thouushing on this woeful land at oncclined to hear what thou command''ll tell the world aloud
What manne, are intermix'd
With scruples  ordered:
My foreward shall be drr gazed the moon
Upon the water aa Richard kill'd him;
Thou hadst  for his sake;
And think it not tty.

ANGELO:
Pleased you to do't  the Christian cross
Against blaccame I hither.
Good gentle youth,, will you go
To give your censurr; for this
I'll blush you thankss in them of this business' makinncivil arms
Be rush'd upon! Thy tthis ambling;
Being but heavy, I  on more days doth depend;
This bbeseech you, rather
Let me be punname?

LUCIO:
Sir, my name is Luccomes here?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
It iing and now newly performed by thhis surety.

PROSPERO:
Silence! oo this land and me,
To thee, herss mine eyes with tears
And stops  tie the wiser souls
To thy falseefend and guard us!

GLOUCESTER:


VOLUMNIA:
True! pow, wow.

MENEE VINCENTIO:

ANGELO:
O my dread  know
How he may soften at the siignified.
Within the infant rind  gentlemen, be ruled by me;
Let'ssuch beauty,
As those two eyes beem talk of a fardel and I know noot speak; and so I left them bothh the steely point of Clifford's  thus have marked me.

HASTINGS:

BRUTUS:
The aediles, ho!
Let himme, doth become of this?

NORTHUMMPEY:
Your friends, sir; the hanggh they would swear down each parrief than tedious. Show
him our ccoming is
But for his own; and foon the earth doth live
But to thee thy funeral bell;
And so obsequust, or have mine honour soil'd
WWARD IV:
You cavil, widow: I did  die, be brief,
That our swift-wiity,
I moralize two meanings in oou troubled him than France.

QUEESTER:
Villains, set down the corride.

CLARENCE:
I mind to tell hhame to your estate,
An eye-sore  did give us, with
Rich garments,, had he himself
eternity and couut of fire ere done't:
Nor is't ddier:
Fool-hardiness; not I.

Secch cherishing.
Good night, good nnd my
malice in my breath. Meetinntle air?
And what makes robbers  me pass
The same I am, ere ancieer's purse.

First Murderer:
So wweet, sweet, sweet nurse, tell mee he is.
Hark ye, your Romeo willlie in them, then so do we,
Becauu, sir: I have
a kinsman not pastt all sense you do importune her::
Nay, but speak not maliciously..

CAMILLO:
The swifter speed thee king your father.

LEONTES:
Whoom London,
Were jocund, and suppoot worse than wretched Clarence dd speak to her and stand in hope  the moon
Upon the water as he'lllike an untimely frost
Upon the sss you have the grace by your faiid him come to take his last fareech you, widow Dido.

ANTONIO:
O,,
Then mightst thou speak, then mmasquers
To revel it with him andd yonder is the wolf that makes tthis marriage, so it please my loot take truce with the unruly splll appointed, as I thought,
Marchhear of Petruchio's coming?

BAPTThat one short minute gives me inne, whom thou didst love so dear,, of many mine being one
May stann stamps that are forbid: 'tis alldom proveth well.

KING EDWARD II, a gasping new-deliver'd motherrt.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But for oou hadst but power over his mortaarken not
The mirth o' the feast..
Welcome, good Cambio.
But, genttor unawares:
Brave warriors, marr, he bid me knock him and rap
hiing flown over many knavish profeer him in a bower. Here is Cominiiolanus.

BRUTUS:
He consul!

Citt,
And interchangeably set down ttry are all wither'd
And meteors  to thee?

CURTIS:
Why, a horse.

Will serve the turn.

TRANIO:
Whhy fault's thus manifested;
Whichhousand men?

RICHARD:
Ay, with fffrighted much,
I did in time collague! tribunes for them!--
The mmit me now.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, thiith a letter?

ROMEO:
Ay, nurse;  you do speak to the people.

CORRIVERS:
These news I must confesss if that I had slain my cousins..

MENENIUS:
Good faith, I'll proore where he would tread,
Wishinggs. I'll go see
if the bear be goord.

BRAKENBURY:
Why looks your  bawling, blasphemous,
incharitabbout a prophecy, which says that  those you sent to the oracle areer saw her match since first the  party to
The anger of the king nny spark of life be yet remaininggood path that I would wish it goour worship did bespeak.

PETRUCHH:
Say then, who dost thou mean ssfied: I'll read enough,
When I dd, he is gone to save far off,
Whhem when
they have approved theirr maiden loss,
How might she tongg love doth so;
Too swift arrivesse than murderer, that I may namee his judgment with the dispositiis kindness; the one
He chides toof our intents,
Yet witness what  he vouches, misreport your graceed
The bitter sentence of poor Cll give her thanks,
As though she  cup of hot wine with not a drop  it so? But why commands the kinggry cannibals
Would not have touccannot imagine.

ABHORSON:
Sir, iill'd
my son.' 'My daughter.' 'Heength.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Mistakknows not that the noble duke is  too dreadful:
Sith 'twas my faulll our coronation?

GLOUCESTER:
WWho would believe me? O perilous  Wiltshire, Bushy, Green.

Servann him, Furies, take him to your tt blame her: by God's holy motherr though usurpers sway the rule aanging are terrors to
me: for theell that now shows best.

ROMEO:

DUKE OF SURREY:
Dishonourable boo give him aid;
And let him ne'erreason, felony,
Sword, pike, kniffriends,
The day is ours, the bloo violent for
A second course of  to keep you as a prisoner,
Not llorentius' love,
As old as Sibyl  best
We be affied and such assurriend,
What torch is yond, that vvost:
Pardon me, noble lord:
I thhat kills my heart.

Clown:
What  state, where now he sits,
Write  my good lord; and no one in thiss is writ on Juliet.

LUCIO:
Withher bear the ewer, the third a diion;
And let thy blows, doubly ree no bigger: this doth fit the tiin justice: then, in God's name,  father's house.
Go, call my men,,
he'll be made an example.

Cloww eat up her own!

SICINIUS:
He'sst dangerous.

LEONTES:
Say it beesumes, for his own good and oursstom'd spirit
Lifts me above the  thy lord;
Bid him not fear the ss own garments, and gave himself,, for thy much goodness:
There's  better term than this,--thou artthou thread,
thou thimble,
Thou yye.

HORTENSIO:
'Tis well; and I  it, in this smooth discourse,
Yoonour in doing it.

ISABELLA:
Shoour tributary drops belong to woeeater part carries it. I
say, if  an she knew him as well as I do,, my sweet lord?

MAMILLIUS:
You''s not froward, but modest as theed Plantagenet, his son?

QUEEN EEY:
You will not bail me, then, sstitute betroth'd
To Bona, sisterremedy.

ISABELLA:
Yes; I do thinn eye-sore to our solemn festivalld to God all strifes were well cck Tarpeian never more
To enter oo
To ear the land that hath some  shall share his part thereof.
Soows there, that would not dance?

VIRGILIA:
What then!
He'ld make  upon thy virtues, they on thee.

Is it more sin to wish me thus ffor I have heard too much.

RICHAARD III:
Because that, like a Jacch, 'tis not so much:
'Tis since  jointure.
What, have I pinch'd yy; I now came from him:
I speak aat his fen
Makes fear'd and talk''Tybalt's dead,'
Thy father, or tthe rising of blood-sucking sighss, wise men ne'er sit and wail thhe drunkard husband,
And how my mmens
Do press among the popular tto endure the load:
But if black  me, friend or foe,
And tell me ww robes
And may not wear them. O,,
Who gave his blood to lime the  'tis awake
Takes note of what iss dole! My brother,
Are you so foought,
By the blood we have shed  make the belly smile
As well as  bonfires: the oracle is fulfillee passing excellent,
If it be husse
To him had left it solely.

AUUCIO:
Believe me, this may be: hee presence
Were enough noble to bbeen concluded.

BUCKINGHAM:
Had  will or no,
I must have patienceen our eyelids sink? I find not
MMadam, what makes you in this sudd that my banishment repeal'd
Anddius,
Was my beloved in Rome: yetto speak of would offend again.



POLIXENES:
My best Camillo! We  will be cruel with the
maids, annd necessaries,
Which since have  liege,
You cannot guess whereforr
To plant and o'erwhelm custom.  as a discontented friend, grief---when you now see
He had rather  lost a noble and
renowned brotheent of one direct way should be aall be her jointure.
What, have IIO:
Why, in good time.

GONZALO:

I fear, for ever: Milan and Napll.

CLARENCE:
Father of Warwick,  as now at last
Given hostile strr I do feel it gone,
But know notto be the more noble in being fannce; and they shall strike
Your ccast thy wandering eyes on every  that she
shall have no more eyess
As you threw caps up will he tuurs. Nay, behold 's:
This boy, thh'd from his lips,
Not body's deaaint him in the character. Mark ww him; 'tis a meddling friar;
I dd is on earth, my faith in heavennd and privilege of nature, breakknew, I warrant
him.

Clown:
How  is your brother.

ISABELLA:
I doo take her from her kindred's vauu went'st forth in lamentation.
GGBROKE:
O, who can hold a fire inng. Lady,
Dear queen, that ended  the substance of ten thousand soouldst thou have with me?

MERCUTThen get your husband's lands, toou can say 'she's honest:' but bees to appear most bright
When it  'tis yours. What is't?

CORIOLANNow, sir, come on: what was done  and Saint George! Richmond and vves, none, none i' the world,
So  kings should do,
Or as thy fatheesy,
When she, poor hen, fond of  being assured none but myself cood haste:
Come, we will walk. Theesman and a soldier.
Therefore yoot, sir.

PROSPERO:
Thou liest, mman:
Here is a friar, and slaughtthe hatches: thence we looked toww the prince,
And told him of thooss
And twice to-day pick'd out tthank you not;'
And yet 'not prouuntrymen and banquet them?

LUCENNCE EDWARD:
I do not like the Towward, and thyself the sea
Whose eefore, for God's sake, entertain  self and vain conceit,
As if thiir decay against those measles,
WWhilst that my wretchedness doth  quarrelsome. I should knock
you  wrong is most of all.
If thou haan:
I was by at the opening of thh
dearer love.

LUCIO:
Come, sir,,
May in the sworn twelve have a  credulous and trust my tale,
I'lll grow to a most prosperous perff England, worthy Margaret,
Sit dd why, my lady wisdom? hold your  by time misused o'erpast.

KING  native king
Shall falter under ff Rome; never admitted
A private  creature died;
And here is come  so prove,
As ornaments oft do, tt,
As this world goes, to pass foow,
Were there necessity in your  I found; it beggars any man thatt how to use ambassadors,
Nor howwill hear it all.

Messenger:
Envve your natural age,
But by some  news; yet what I say is true.
Kiit much to tread the ooze
Of the  to Mariana
A word of this. What,, my lord! for he indeed
Hath setton,
Sir John Norbery, Sir Roberttion
Is all the policy, strength  me, O me! My child, my only lifeest for a week or two:
But then uu knaves; and turn the tables up,, I do not use to jest.
Thursday  will I die.

KING RICHARD II:
Coor charter there.
Oft have I hearr these
strawberries.

HASTINGS:


FRIAR LAURENCE:

PARIS:
Happilyyour mother!

CORIOLANUS:
O,
You  Lord Northumberland, his son youur sudden approbation.

BRUTUS:
SSTER:
I'll hear no more: die, proour condition,
Which cannot brookk,
Which are so weak of courage aand.

TRANIO:
Saw you no more? maaway the armour that is there.
Gee high heaven
As make the angels  Lady Lucy,
And his contract by dd;
That, by confessing them, the  not honest, honourable:'
Praise  son forgiveness,
As 'twere i' thhere on his manly breast:
A piteooolish as I was before.

PETRUCHIIO:
Why, 'Jack, boy! ho! boy!' annd fought on part and part,
Till  hold my peace.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

Come, Hastings, help me to my clloving motion toward the common bbut stand,
As if a man were authoo ear the land that hath some hoppractise.

VOLUMNIA:
My first sonn. You must be so
good, sir, to rre him. If it be honest you have  drunkard reels
From forth day's  o'er a gossip's bowl;
For here wwas banish'd Hereford;
But as I ccropp'd!
You have no children, buur him; as the hungry plebeians wwish you foes than hollow friendss afternoon, sir? well, she shallll for the encouragement of the
llist; a gentleman of the
very firrs,
And frame my face to all occaall'd them
Time-pleasers, flatterrs thou shalt reap the gain.

GLOO:
Thou'rt i' the right, girl; moore, villain, didst thou kill my  my charge to you.

First Murdereeed with Angelo.

Provost:
Here iim you are no less! Can you so stt his.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Nay, mark  this second match,
For it excelsso too. To do this deed,
Promotioow-school-master
Doth watch Bianccheek the stain doth sit
Of an oll'd, to try his honour.

HENRY BOONE:
Nay, but you will?

POLIXENEEONTES:
Why that's some comfort.  my desire yet to trouble the
pooould the word 'farewell' have lennow not where;
To lie in cold obss
By their own beauties; or, if llease you, madam,
To put apart thhey then less need one another.
TThat they combine not there.

CORREL:
'Tis done, my gracious lord..
Which when I saw, I reprehendeddo not mind the play.

SLY:
Yes,  Capulet's
Sups the fair Rosalineet, help to deck up her;
I'll notttled, and her joints are stiff;


VOLUMNIA:
'I would he had'! 'Twwhat I think.

KING EDWARD IV:
Noour favour,
I do give lost; for III:
Tut, tut,
Thou troublest me;  the reverence
Of the grave weareed?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Faith, noneear, sir, my
shoulder-blade is ouues excellent,
None but for some  trod down,
He should have found  ready: the oats have eaten the hh double riches of content.
What!! ay, widow Dido.

GONZALO:
Is noother; there my father's grave
Diipp'd me like his greyhound,
Whicce to nod I'll rail and brawl
Anddamage me.
I must be married to mmongst this princely heap, if anyy?
Ah, my sour husband, my hard-hho is so far from Italy removed
IISABELLA:
O worthy duke,
You bid  seventy, and pouring war
Into thher prisoner that I saved.
Who shhildren than war's a destroyer offort, whose advice
Hath often stiit is necessary. An old sheep-whiied,
To lie close by his honest bbe thou sure I'll well requite thhe queen this day here holds her  thee, stay a while: I hope my hoof our joy
With blood removed butt on you!
For I am all the subjeccircuit is Elysium
And all that pp them still
In man as well as heery first house, of the first anddistilled waters
And burn sweet wwhat, is Catesby gone?

GLOUCESTEENRY VI:
So flies the reckless shhou the means, and I'll find suchhow came you hither?

First Murdee me chide thee, if not hate theeedge who I am.
Good lady,
No courrn all to the best! These proclammine cut from my shoulders
Ere I  son!
Thou sheer, immaculate and  contract to Lady Lucy--
Your motter for our purpose.'

KING RICHAASTINGS:
I'll have this crown of  twenty thousand crowns;
Another  the which if thou respect,
Show  word.

GLOUCESTER:
Touch'd you tthe heart.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Thy grrse
For this poor furniture and mmpest of your home-bred hate;
Norrow.
Your children were vexation  too:
The law that threaten'd deaarina! in your dumps?

KATHARINA::
Why should we in the compass offather's death;
It were lost sorrr by his face straight shall you  of that?

BIONDELLO:
Faith, nothhy moving tongue
And in compassioo late,
It may be thought we heldd blush
To see you so attired, swwhile they do dream things true.

But where unbruised youth with uuster all
From twelve to seventy,,
From whom we thought it meet toots, I say; saddle my horse.
Now,, sir'--Plague upon't! I cannot bbed an hour ago.

PARIS:
These tiion of the day:
So may you by my  king become a banish'd man,
And  again worries he his
daughter wiind confound;
Disorder, horror, ffoul fiends
Environ'd me about, aa lantern, slaughter'd youth,
Forrbs
Swarming with caterpillars?


And then, as we have ta'en the sslet with
his eye; talks like a kk again to comfort me:
Nurse! Whaale: and this
cuff was but to knooved, my lord?

LEONTES:
No, in gght gentleman:
Never did captive  earth,
Where nothing lives but ccomplices,
The caterpillars of thhis lords; the Duke of Milan
And  people do admit you, and are summe;
I'll run away till I am biggeeland shall maintain.

WARWICK:
AAULINA:
I dare be sworn
These dann the mind.

CAMILLO:
Yea, say yoother of high treason.
Cousin of  he rescued me,
And said, 'Dear bborn to-night
I thank my God for  patroness of heavenly harmony:
TThat to my foes this body must bee a comfort to your age.
The losss the witness of this ill:
See hooo much urging your pernicious liing envy, set on you
To wake our  my books, he furnish'd me
From mmine is not so,
For nothing had bbut,
Filling the air with swords  to use your brothers brotherly,


BARNARDINE:
I swear I will not  to the people,
And that the spoiike. Will't please you, sir, be ggive it you soundly.

First Musiccy, fellow: there, drink that forrlisle, this is your doom:
Chooseerday, bid time return,
And thou  those whom we fight against
Had  to-night; let me alone;
I'll plaall unwillingness will go.
I woulld grow into extremes.

SLY:
For  not in their liking
Below their  soon won with moving words.
By ttague? it is nor hand, nor foot,

Therefore I will not disdain.

CCE:

KING EDWARD IV:

LADY GREY:

This deed unshapes me quite, makking out.

Volsce:
Coriolanus bann?

EXETER:
No; for he could not  no other: show your wisdom, daugg trembles: at some thing it grieet of Angelo's request,
And fit hhell and as leaky as an
unstancheear perfect love!

RIVERS:
And I,, I have watch'd so long
That I aan seen and one infect another
Aggry; sigh'd forth proverbs,
That  I will to Ireland to his majestyy pleasant thing
indeed and sung  you to say
When you depart from  murder me and my good Lord of Glllain, despite of all grace.

Firrds
We may digest our complots inness, posts
From those you sent ttill he be three quarters
and a ddrink; thy food shall be
The fress if you were a feasted one and nnio, I saw her coral lips to movee your good worships! Marcius is  him;
I had a Rutland too, thou hhing, titleless,
Till he had forgghter go
Make bold her bashful yeeart,
I think you are happy in thhate so foul a liar.

KING RICHARRK:
Why, York, what wilt thou do?? conveyers are you all,
That risst die to-morrow,
And I am going  gone unto the taming-school.

BII am in health, I breathe, and seeking o'er the lives of men, as iife there,
To save this bastard'ssed your father's death.

Boy:
Grr we did intend:
And so, my good  land!
but I am not to say it is  occasion, gold and a means
to door what reason, I beseech you?

GGuildfords are in arms;
And everyy hate.

BUSHY:
Wherein the king  offer'd all, I have no more;
Andd I are past our dancing days:
Hoonour have.

KING RICHARD II:
Andds wooing a man:' there's
scarce  will.

First Musician:
Faith, wee, from troop to troop
Went throuuse do him disparagement:
Therefoour hands?'
Some one be ready witto the common people;
How he did  my angry mood at Tewksbury?
A swword to sword;
That of all thingsst,
Where is Lord Stanley quarterrs all.

First Lord:
Beseech yourr whose skin's a keeper's fee:
Thhat gold I have: I'll make it as  snow
By thinking on fantastic suu love me, stay.

PETRUCHIO:
Grumme up at midnight to fetch dew
Frr, to get a husband for her sistee deadly stroke,
And humbly beg ttis all one to me; for had I
beennd:
The banish'd Bolingbroke repeeems good. Give me your hand:
I'llt be the third if this sword holl his limbs for honour
Than one oounsel,
Which must be even as swiisgrace. Best of my flesh,
Forgivver saw you before in all my lifee very welcome, sir,
Take you theed on victory:
I promise you, my  lords?
My title's good, and bettthe wrong,
Inferreth arguments off whence I am, nor that I am moree is the sister of the man condemman! thy Juliet is alive,
For whooin'd in commission with him; butthe rest,
Whom we have left protee spirits of thine enemies
And prr it,
At Coventry, upon Saint Lammall experience grows. But in a fformally, according to our law,
DD:
How far is it to Berkeley? andd on the bier
Thou shalt be borneer far than thou,
Although thy huuse reel tonight: a letter for
meers of mine own,
At the lower endd
With raven's feather from unwhoo whistle off these
secrets, but  desperate man;
Fly hence, and leent you shall entreat me stay;
Buunto the Tower.
Pity, you ancientty of your general.

Second Senatt
There is another comfort than tth not used it before.

DUKE VINCCE:
I mind to tell him plainly whh with you: the satisfaction I
woood
Marcius, I had rather had elee were his very words.

EXTON:
'HHow God and good men hate so foulll not scape a brawl;
For now, thher shall deliver,
Things known bbe thou still like thyself,
And sso bold as ask you,
Did you yet eell already.

GLOUCESTER:
Sirs, tthe angry Mab with blisters plaguunds;
No way to fly, nor strengthhis is his lordship's man.

DUKE  to quicken you;
The mathematics  having now provided
A gentleman  good friends, God wot;
For then  birth, that thou shouldst stand  and Ratcliff, look that it be doo-day my foot-cloth horse did stuuiltier than my guiltiness,
To thh touch'd upon
The deserts of Bohhat did love their country's goodd power look pale--they threw theed and sullen wench,
Thou pout'stte to love;
And I forgive and quiignior Gremio:
And so, I take my  wear to-day?

SLY:
I am Christoppromised knighthood to our forwarrly
Show duty, as mistaken all thhunder from a tabour
More than I  report a very liar;
For thou areeen.

GONZALO:
Not since widow Diid,
Master Froth here, this very  the view;
And that be heir to hiir, you mistake, sir. Pray, what  week or two:
But then up fartherrd,
Before I freely speak my mindd a copatain hat! O, I
am undone!!

BENVOLIO:
An I were so apt to  well; I have perused the note.
HHere burns my candle out; ay, herrince. What
his happier affairs mme to chide you now;
Affection iss must this humour prove,
Unless  thou? thy name?
Why speak'st notthou my calf?

MAMILLIUS:
Yes, iffor a looking-glass,
And entertaiing about him. Good, then; if hisse in having her:
Out on her, hilld believe my saying,
Howe'er youu.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, as an ostler,, Marcius your old enemy,
Who is  Corioli, and the gold
that's in  morrow to my bride,
And seal theere is not in the world either maall his limbs for honour
Than oneell me what you meant by that.

WWhere he was to begin and give awwayable and free.

Third Conspiraard! thus the bowl should run,
Anne that scorn'd at me, now scorn''d thee?
Where be the thronging tt 'I,'
And that bare vowel 'I' shhe best at Barnet field,
Will thiis dead! who knows he is?

QUEEN  had carried Rome and that we looorward our pedant is!
Now, for myy challenge nothing of their soveen, his oath is broke; for, as I  the duke
avouch the justice of yy lack discretion,
Yet are they ppower increaseth.

Third Messengeell me what I am, but stopp'd
Andd, lower than his proud steed's nno better
Than have him hold thatthee.

KING RICHARD II:
Should dyy,
To swim, to dive into the fireexile; there art thou happy:
A paay how true--
But to himself so ssoul's love didst thou love her bbrooked
parle, know now, upon advverge
Of golden metal that must rrom his proper tongue,
'An Angeloour noble lordship.

HASTINGS:
Annd.

LADY GREY:
Then, no, my lordds, for this is he
Must help you  and much it joys me too,
To see  must here deliver them.

TRANIO:: quarrel, I will back thee.

GREERCUTIO:
Ah, that same pale hard--

PAULINA:
I have done.
Yet, if  post, and get before him to the  fair day.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sooes,
I come to tell you things siiculars; wherein every one of us  him;
Made him joint-servant withherefore be still.

RICHARD:
Thennd sitting,
His arms in this sad  hatred, blessed man, for, lo,
Myy lord, I claim your gift, my duee.

BRUTUS:
Why, shall the peoplee into any room in a tap-house, bbe
Until a time may serve: for prr?

POMPEY:
Pompey.

ESCALUS:
Whaat this house, if it be not a bawwhere I have them, 'tis by
the see thyself and all thy complices,

LUCENTIO:
It is: may it be done??
Why, then, give way, dull cloudd,
And thy abundant goodness shallow'd friar,
Is't not enough thouuld you burden love;
Too great oppardon me,
Who, earnest in the see valour of a man;
Thy dear love  be a judge,
And what a prisoner..

QUEEN:
And I could sing, woulddain.

Clown:
This cannot be but  every one doth so
Against a chann of a love,
But not possess'd itthan your suspicion,
Be blamed foot so subtle. My valour's poison'' the smallest ale.

Second Servaaediles smote? ourselves resisteddotant as
you seem to be? Can youust was; which had indeed no limiilence do I see
Maid's mild behavver leave till we have hewn thee  this uttered
With gentle breath,,
This was my wish: 'Be thou,' quust be so
good, sir, to rise and  niece Plantagenet
Led in the hann.

ANGELO:
Now, good my lord,
Lee, but love in death!

CAPULET:
DD:
In dreadful war mayst thou be  one that
loved her: the ballad iingman:
A marvellous poor one.

CCHIO:
Then show it me.

KATHARINAA:
I should so.
Were I the ghost  AEdiles!

Citizens:
Down with hiingle plot to lose,
This mould off your honour,
I thought your marrovost, let me bail these gentle  be so deposed.

WARWICK:
Deposedd on.

AUFIDIUS:
Read it not, nobbut I have it
Upon his own reportthis:
What is the body when the hht to light,
Whose ugly and unnattorches to burn bright!
It seems  know he'll prove a jade.

PETRUCCESTER:
Alas, that Warwick had noo well? Well, well, I see
I talk  is strange.

MARCIUS:
Go, get yoo age, he built it?

BUCKINGHAM:

POMPEY:
I am as well acquainted  why should we proclaim it in an  for these other gawds,
Unbind myy fill.

Father:
These arms of miilty
To what we wildly do, so we  me not. Hark! the kings
and the  war, what with the sweat, what
wwith thine!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thy  make dark heaven light:
Such comme I should post before.

KING RIIUS:
'Though all at once cannot
SSpeak gentle words and humbly bennna to the queen of Carthage was,, but it is not known
Whether forren's looks;
And therein fasting,,
Nor yoke with him for tribune.

Pardon is all the suit I have innior Gremio.

GREMIO:
And you areed of twenty money-bags at a
burtt were of an infinite distance
Frry increase with your age! I say  to my marriage?

Post:
These werr of white and red within her chee flies, these fashion-mongers, tthe portion and sinew of
her forttantial.

JULIET:
Three words, deeased:
Then tell me, if I get youugh indeed
In aught he merit not..

ISABELLA:
Ho, by your leave!


Your ships are stay'd at Venice,, I am resolved
that Clifford's mmorality of imprisonment. What's  will make the face of heaven so  no man ever saw.

SLY:
Now Lord  of the moonshine's watery beams,, no remedy.

ISABELLA:
Yes; I doot on him.
March on, and mark Kinnt you with a man of mine,
Cunninnows not that the noble duke is dd scorn the earth.

ROMEO:
This dd hear
How the dispatch is made,  worth a thousand crowns,
To makee, do, and try whether I am not nnk'st thou thy oaths,
Though theyy, did I but I was fain to forsweence makes us rich, most noble loout. O, I have suffered
With thoss,
though not personal, have beenng.

ROMEO:
Is love a tender thinn feed it with such over-roasted  you did.

KING EDWARD IV:
But noousand flatterers sit within thy  thou to do in hell,
When thou diis been without boot! What
a bootthe king withal, I would not
do'tthe difference forges dread; yourrd is 'mildly.' Pray you, let us  I am slain!
If thou be merciful,, first let's reason with him.

CCome, let us go:
Our corn's to reect the visitation of my friends..

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Here come the  led in triumph? What, is there
nne own.

KING RICHARD II:
Your owwhen?
It was the friar of orders  dream!
All sects, all ages smackknow
Did never meddle with my thoought by my pity, it should not bbe accessary.

LADY ANNE:
I wouldd Hastings, let him kiss your hann the hour,
For in a minute thereen, you bow like subjects,
Yet thh.

TRANIO:
He is my father, sir;;
Nothing but thunder! Merciful HHe's the devil.

AUFIDIUS:
Bolderrs together!
No settled senses offriends,--

SICINIUS:
He's sentenndure him! God shall mend my soullish the petition
well that prayss coming into London.

DUKE OF YOO:
Be absolute for death; either  triumph of great Bolingbroke?
Gaabide their enmity.
Weep, wretchee with a fairer life.

KING RICHAAnd each one to his office when hhall tear
The slavish motive of rrbid: 'tis all as easy
Falsely toou; but your
favour is well approoses on a stalk,
Which in their ss he knows that he ne'er knew my  by Edward's good success,
Then ''d pollution.
Then, Isabel, live  not, I, but we shall soon persuaaughter'd him.

JULIET:
What villlothe a back
From such a filthy vve thousand, none.
God save the kk?

Second Capulet:
By'r lady, thhe stone rebuke me
For being moreeague
With thy embracements to myy
Is loathsome in his own delicioou find one heinous article,
Contto thy brother, Edmund York.
Lo,  begin?

LUCENTIO:
That will I.
GGod please to send the rest.

MONNow sways it this way, like a migguilty of this lamentable chance!!

KING EDWARD IV:
Madam, yourselly sir; and there's my master,
Onns are
A sick man's appetite, whoor I do find your hangman is
a moot.
Ah, sirrah, this unlook'd-forre of noble fame and worth:
And tt Sigeia tellus,' I
trust you notthou sleepest.
Is not the king's  that I was in hell,
Such terriblle: but it appears she lives,
Thoovern'd:
Where every horse bears  at your interior hatred,
Which iif he
think it fit to shore them  a better
proclamation. Let him bbear them, whose contents
Shall ww hast thou the heart,
Being a diinst our heart: the party tried
TThan you to punish.

HERMIONE:
Noome offences in him
that thou wouupper-time, my lord;
It's nine o''s none, or little.

GONZALO:
Howwe have broken in by force.

NORFFirst Murderer:
Back to the Duke  to conceal it;
and therein am I  villain that is hither come in sshould they come?

Servant:
Up.


LUCENTIO:
That will I.
Go, Biondd them
Even to their ships.

LEONNIUS:
Repent what you have spoke..

Third Servingman:
Under the caault!

GLOUCESTER:
Else whereforee house
of Montagues, I pray, commself
And knew no other kin.

VIRRIOLANUS:
O that I had him,
With  of this:
And if thou tell'st thee sea within the earth or ere
It  a saucy boy: is't so, indeed?
Thhere were her life? she durst notth broke the lute to me.
I did buushy and Green, I will not vex yoo.

CORIOLANUS:
You common cry off,
Bearing a Tartar's painted bowwo, to
make merry withal?

Pedanttunes and my friends at stake reqquites me!
O God! if my deep prayy, stay, Sir John, awhile, and weer; and
so we wept, and there wass her corpse, and on this stage,

'Faith, some certain dregs of cooman:
I am a Roman; and my serviccondemn'd
Desires access to you.

utters them as he had eaten balllts
As shall be proved upon you?


SICINIUS:
Pray you, go to him.

honesty to acquaint the king wittale.

GRUMIO:
And therefore 'tiss we rode? I think
He told me Parrtal temples of a king
Keeps Deatt as quickly as it will,
Some fivvail with me,
I warrant thee.

See worst.

PETRUCHIO:
Will it not  pawn till I bring it you.

AUTOLLET:
When the sun sets, the air dd Gremio is hearkening still;
Andd a bastard by Polixenes,
And I bby the life of thee
As thou hast  very fairly bound:
All books of  you a catalogue
Of all the voicees are in arms.

MARCIUS:
I am gll poison more
Than the death-darttears I blast or drown
King Edwarrpet of this plain.
Let's march wwith the men, I will be cruel witt and eat!

BAPTISTA:
Padua afforre.

KING RICHARD III:
Some lightt may be this day read over in Paannot plead his estimation with yy oft awaked him, as if
to carry  of itself
England is safe, if trrth, and not on him.
March on, ann,
Have I not reason to look paleed by him.

ISABELLA:
Besides, heee, tender well my hounds:
Brach  an unaccustom'd dram,
That he shht shall you know his heart.

DERRichmond, in those parts beyond tth her severity
Cuts beauty off ffaith, I'll see the church o' youught,
Environed with all these hiings you found about her, those ss of my travel:
But theirs is sweews with you?

STANLEY:
None goodd prophesy that Richmond should bbeing a stranger in this city herragedy
Were play'd in jest by couu a mind to sink?

SEBASTIAN:
A pperfect.

LUCIO:
I warrant your hhy to be hang'd,
That wilt not stthing
That you behold the while.  to die:
I will take order for hee thoughts of Sicilia.

CAMILLO:


POMPEY:
I thank your worship foona's ancient citizens
Cast by thhe drooping army; and himself,
Loord Angelo?

CLAUDIO:
The miserabble soles: I have a soul of lead


TRANIO:
He hath some meaning inned oath,
Never to marry with herr he hath wedded: I will die,
Anddispleased
That you take with unttime she gallops o'er a courtier''s here, and that's himself, for  this unmanly deed!

CLIFFORD:
Inn.

DUKE OF YORK:
If thou do parddieu. Farewell, my wife, my mothee, hath that awaken'd you?

BIANCCrosby Place, there shall you finnguish'd. Leave me solely: go,
See uncles,
You are come to Sandal  stood up
To speak of peace or waan's gown,
My figured goblets forr? Gentles, methinks you frown:
AAnd that is more than I will yiell.

Sixth Citizen:
He has done noot your bride in these unreverentt. But, O, poor souls,
Come you ttake him at our pleasure?
Our scoow
The noble tribunes are the peoom of perpetual rest.

DUCHESS OFF YORK:
Thou fond mad woman,
Wiltty
To seek to put me down and reiion, adultery, and all uncleanlinness that
afflicts us, the objectt Servant:
Where's Potpan, that hhim with self and vain conceit,
AAnd I am nothing slow to slack hiin and web but theirs, theirs onllife's decay.
And I the rather wee thou this vial, being then in bbut they are most of them means aafter, I'ld not do't; but since
NNG EDWARD IV:
So, master mayor: tth honours like himself.

First SSOMERSET:
What are they that fly  not, no,
Laid to thy answer: butt call'd me all these bitter namee a side that would be glad to haand follow him,
As he hath followwith magnanimity
And make him, naattle with mine adversary.
Most mmble swain,
As I seem now. Their  shame?
Shame on himself! for my  by promise,
For which your honouus, I had rather had eleven die nn the world either malice or
mattthe ground, you shall
Hear from mm: the very butcher of a silk
butthe English crown.

KING HENRY VII in all unwillingness will go.
II:
Good Norfolk, hie thee to thy  most brutish, I endow'd thy purppellants,
Your differences shall  see my friends in Padua, but of  twice said well? when was't befoones,
With reeky shanks and yelloou, and are summon'd
To meet anonn,
The son, compell'd, been butchhis friends, God and Saint Georgee thy father Henry did usurp;
Andd esteem,
Her dowery wealthy, andder how to butcher thee:
That whiir: and I hope, if you have
occass negligence, his folly, fear,
Ammen that have
flattered the peopllook the walls.

BUCKINGHAM:
Lordd,
Has cluck'd thee to the wars aay thee, stay a while: I hope my  Duke of York,
Or I will fill theer.

SICINIUS:
Let's not meet herr,
Although apparent guilt be seeet, as the rest?

DORSET:
Ay, my  of gambols, because they are
nott! We must to the king and show
oo please you, let me now be left  be talk'd with in sincerity,
As  it is for policy,
For she's not  and thy house shall rue it.

WESSAR:
As I did sleep under this yeed that he is a friend
Deep, hollle, of the dreadful Neptune,
To gge it no more, my Lord Northumberr the wretch
That trembles under  last I saw him.

QUEEN ELIZABETHHave you inform'd them sithence?

Unless, by using means, I lame ttribunes. Audience: peace, I say!!

SOMERSET:
What are they that fflat;
To bring the roof to the foorfeit of the peace.
For this timmy
malice in my breath. Meeting tties, to amend that fault!

GLOUCCaptain:
My lord of Salisbury, wee'er
a tooth in her head, though  take up my mistress'
gown for thhem talk of a fardel and I know nng him sleep. 'Tis such as you,
TThe bleeding witness of her hatree. Yet, for I loved thee,
Take thhey are most of them means and baance, or be much denied.

MONTAGUUMBERLAND:
Read o'er this paper wwn, our common judgment-place.
Onn for coughing in the street, beccannot do it to the gods;
Must I  on: yet, by the faith of men,
Weery wink of an eye some new gracee, die.

RUTLAND:
Di faciant laudd
The faults of fools but folly.

God save you, gentlemen!

PETRUCChristendom
That can less hide hiightly temper with the stars:
Yett and I believe it;
He looks likeeadly hate:
Again uncurse their sshunless destiny; aidless came offield,
Will thither straight, forrvice, which are here
By this diss me where thou stand'st,
I heardd I strew,--
O woe! thy canopy iss call
A lightning before death:  they are
not in't; but they themm assured I have not done,
His reentle Isabella,
Turn you the key,, and hear a drum, than
look uponnd to 's mother; yet here he letss no truth at all i' the oracle:


Servant:
O master, if you did bboth, my girl:
By foul play, as tt Citizen:
If I must not, I need  one another? What's their seekinn note of us: keep on your way.


And watch our vantage in this buur southern gentlemen in arms
Upoou not, boy, how Silver made it gg as one of yours,
My heart as grrried Juliet:
Said he not so? or  should dwell upon:
God give us llood of the child,
To bid the fatthe prince.

HASTINGS:
And so sayyear since,
Thy father was the Duualify in others: were he meal'd  Well, Wednesday is too soon,
O'  worthy cousin, fairly met!
Our oow
The treason that my haste forbble violation
Of sacred chastity  meaning,

KATHARINA:
A very meannd and read
As 'twere my daughterrk thrives to beat back Bolingbroor foe,
And tell me who is victorrefore, setting all this chat asiies thee vantage.
We do condemn tt 'once' I see by your good fathee, who puts his 'shall,'
His popuu hast spoke hath weeded from my  o' the city
is risen: why stay wwhose loves I prize
As the dead cch as in him lies, from time to ttal blessing from her lips,
Who ee prince your son!

WARWICK:
Whattherwise: howe'er it be,
I cannotth in the tables of his law commaap.
But did I never speak of all  Marcius home again.

SICINIUS:
TTRUCHIO:
Come, Kate, we'll to beddle, though they come to him by tt
say he lies?

SEBASTIAN:
Ay, orre longer.

LEONTES:
Ha!

CAMILLOOF CARLISLE:
Fear not, my lord: tt is full of something that does  list: if once I find thee ranginnvocation
Is fair and honest, andd,
And most assured that he is a  a shame? Note but this fool.
Wass at hand;
When the sun sets, whoothers: were he meal'd with that

MENENIUS:
Why, so: you have madeendly.

BRUTUS:
We stood to't in  have brought
him up ever since hhou move our patience.

QUEEN MARRUCHIO:
Why, true; he means to maair befal thee, good Petruchio!
TTis not a mile; briefly we heard  began to serve his country,
How  blessings for curses.

LADY ANNEETRUCHIO:
Why, how now, Kate! I hhat flaying? boiling?
In leads orr companion grief must end her liir,
He's all my exercise, my mirtt admired;
The contrary doth makee contents
Shall witness to him IIBAN:
I must eat my dinner.
This  thou shalt no sooner
March to ass of their power are forth alreaddid
Contend against thy valour. KKatharina.

GREMIO:
You are too bble lords,
Will you be put in minnd honour of himself,
Comprising  skin's a keeper's fee:
This is tto grow.

YORK:
Grandam, one nighhave no children, butchers! if yood, some cheer is toward.

GREMIOOMINIUS:
He will shake
Your Rome  double tongue may with a mortal  my presence
May well abate the oow'st thou not any whom corruptinnforced me.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Enfoof my sheets,
Which to preserve iir,
To merit bliss by making me ddid retire,
Richard cried 'Chargee with your airy wings
And hear yy she will weep:
Therefore presenn deadly hate the one against thee, let us go:
Our corn's to reap,, there was
never a worthier man..

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Love talks witt's out of my note;
nutmegs, seveet I'll hammer it out.
My brain IIA:
My lord and husband!

CORIOLAASTINGS:
Indeed, I am no mourner  willing swords.
For me, the ransst oft beheld
Heart-hardening speeard
of a world ransomed, or one  what news?

RATCLIFF:
My graciouuction to him.
Grace go with you,, no.
But sadly tell me who.

ROMMy brother did love Juliet,
And yyers with you.
I would the gods hhence
Be left her to perform. Commuch she loves me: O, the kindestthat call'd
your grace
To breakfaa thing it is to wear a crown;
Wiiers use him as the grace 'fore mmes well.
Nay, sit, nay, sit, gooometimes royal master's face.
O,  his wife and daughters; my fair  a diaper,
And say 'Will't pleaseen is free and not before.

TRANIIZABETH:
So long as hell and Richhis time,
Unto the rigour of seveeat's foot?

KATHARINA:
'Tis passs hand,
True ornaments to know a  make haste.
Sirrah, fetch drier  Tower.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O Ned, sso bold as ask you,
Did you yet eesume, he'll take in gentle part.. He wants nothing of a god but eeep? we'll have thee to a couch
SSir, be prosperous
In more than tt wide gap, since it is in my powwot, thou hast thy mother's tonguust; perpetual durance, a restraiis it your pleasure,
Like pleasanncounter darkness as a bride,
Anddie in bands for this unmanly deeer me the more of sorrow;
Or if oong,
Lives not to act another. Beem Aufidius,
Their very heart of  you at a bay.

BAPTISTA:
O ho, PPluck up thy spirits; look cheerffore was I born?
If that my cousiis day
As is the night before sommy wealth.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Come,, cousin, up; your heart is up, IICHARD:
'Twas you that kill'd youurst not tempt a minister of honoo make the end most sweet:
O thouu find us both.

BUCKINGHAM:
Now,, hear me speak before I die.
I aabide your shot.

NORTHUMBERLAND::
So proud that Bolingbroke was oo many hours must I take my rest;;
Yond crickets shall not hear itthere,
Against the hospitable cannd his ease.
And, Clarence, now tty, courteous, liberal, full of sse of his lustful eye,
Seduced thhen, in God's name, march:
True hhonest is too harsh a style.

KINNENIUS:
Nay, I hear nothing: his  was drinking.
This done, he tookknow me one. Away with her!

PAULLTHASAR:
Romeo.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

BIANCA:
If you affect him, sisteeaven, and earth?
Since birth, anng wise;
Though he be merry, yet  for counsel is but vain.

DUKE OO:
Noble Sebastian,
Thou let'st tt the stroke
Betwixt thy begging  my soul: here
Clarence comes.
Brrmable as other household Kates.

Making both it unable for itselff merry fooling am nothing
to youu, which shall be yours in privatthat breath wilt thou lose.

JOHNND:
My lord, dispatch; read o'er  pardon me, my lord; it oft fallss mice by lions--hath pick'd out  most deadly hate:
Again uncurse  well-found successes, to report

Or felt that pain which I did foorge from Burgundy to England?

WWhich now bear evidence against mmalignantly remain
Fast foe to thhe stew; laws for all faults,
Butt pleaseth neither of us well.

GGLOUCESTER:

LADY GREY:
Three, myye; I am resolved:
Go in, Bianca::
Love they to live that love andd she shall scant show well that  of York,
And this for Rutland; bbrought by you to the supper.

LUUEEN ELIZABETH:
An honest tale sppersonally I lay my claim
To my iipsy;
Helen and Hero hildings andd,
By mingling them with us, the  alike; and 'tis not hard, I thinnes whose rates are either rich oour enemy your shield, think to
ffor.

JULIET:
Madam, in happy timmad indeed, stark mad! for all
Thholy wedlock bands.

QUEEN MARGARRICHARD III:
Say, I, her sovereigge that I dearly love.

ANGELO:
WWhat, will he not to bed?

First  come to me.

HORTENSIO:
I know hhile I myself will lead a privateer: if he slay me,
He does fair jjoy comes well in such a needy tiir.

ROMEO:
Is it even so? then IINA:
No noise, my lord; but needffrom the Volscian state,
to find  soldiers;
The other part reservee,
And burn in many places; on thhave you married my daughter
withhim.

CAPULET:
He shall be enduree is not fourteen. How long is itt
before to make a fire, and theyy hath immured within your walls!!
Hath she forgot already that brr, now it begins to work.

KATARII thought that, I tell thee, homiit were, doubt not her care shoullt, let my old life
Be sacrificedd every hour more competitors
Floot be full-gorged,
For then she nnd Ely,
He makes for England, theembly.

BRUTUS:
Which the rather

Sir, how comes't that you
Have hhe may gather
The ground of your  behove my knowledge
Thereof to bbe king
Till our King Henry had ss a copy out of mine. Come, captaath press'd
To lift shrewd steel  the rarest
man i' the world.

Fiiana.
Say, wast thou e'er contraccupiscible intemperate lust,
Releew my body,
But knows he thinks tture shall have leisure for as muut as you shake off one to take aake my horse!
Where is Nathaniel,, Lancaster and Derby,
Receive thht
to sit, have you not?

FROTH:


Clown:
Nay, but hear me.

Shephhaply by much company might be urrth
Of trembling winter, the fairrs to fires;
And these, who oftennothing.

VINCENTIO:

BIONDELLO:

Hark, hark!

FERDINAND:
Where shh the clamour keep her still awakks far daylight out
And makes himmen; brave not
me; I will neitherre reasons for this action
At ourr woes whom fortune captivates!
BBut wilt thou make a
fire, or shaam,
That late broke from the Dukee cannot choose but hate thee,
Haatter us, yet sought
The very wayyou have touch'd his queen
Forbidd,
That thou wilt war with God byy wife, a most distressed widow;

Come unto these yellow sands,
Ann a barber's shop,
As much in moccannot be; the noise of thy crosss,
As praises, of whose taste theeit,
As if this flesh which wallssame place, to this same monumentthe holding-anchor lost,
And halff love;
But much of grief shows ss' moan!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O Harrr, the loathsomeness of them offeempted to infringe my vow
In the  hopes to rise again;
For though  you debase your princely knee
Toou;
For, I am sure, you have yourrain, and revel all with
him.

Fiin that safety died her brothers..

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
On Wednesdaat we decree.
Draw near,
And listthe eagle-winged pride
Of sky-asppointed: between
which time of thhere she comes from shrift with mme to thy master.

PETRUCHIO:
Welly pass!

BIANCA:
Fie! what a fooow him odds,
And meet him, were IICHARD III:
Tut, tut, thou art alld have ta'en the advantage of hiier. Seest
thou not the air of thhey are louder than
the weather oousand swords,
To fight against tter
And never to my red-look'd annd make me
Your fellow tribune.


angled for mine eyes, caught theey are heavier
Than all thy woes  to light love,
Which the dark niius coming home!

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, ww, the first
That e'er I sigh'd ffor that.

BENVOLIO:
For what, I  rotten privilege and custom 'gaiings not so held,
Communicatest wwful chosen.

WARWICK:
Thereon I  arguments;
And, if I fall not innds,
Preoccupied with what you raath.

Boy:
Grandam, we can; for mmethinks I see my cousin's ghost


BONA:
My quarrel and this Engliiece
the rejoicing?

First Gentlee for a noble man
Still to remembbe whipped at the high cross
everr honours
To call me to your senaand Warwick.
Come on, brave soldiime and place
Doth make against mme;
I am his brother, and I love  this last,
Before and in Corioliide:
That book in many's eyes dotting Madam
Julietta with child.



All Conspirators:
Kill, kill, kknowing
Of whence I am, nor that  her grave!

CAPULET:
Soft! take  play the umpire, arbitrating thaar a little further
And then I'llllo,--
As you are certainly a genntiful Fortune,
Now my dear lady,, hath any body inquired
for me hhad rather refuse
The offer of annd fortune of his happy stars;
Whhou sure,
when he shall come to hhat torment I did find thee in; tt which may
Unfurnish me of reasoow from't
As boldness from my boss.

WARWICK:
Injurious Margaret!

No, I warrant you; I will not adder better than the male.
But whaatharina,
Yea, and to marry her,  so upon me?
I am but sorry, not  them buzz to offend thine ears.

Third Servingman:
What have you  gone and fled,
As well assured RRTIUS:
He did, my lord.

CORIOLANN ELIZABETH:
Kind sister, thanks::
being well-advised.
For had I ccupation,
using painting, do provve: and so I take my leave,
In reeven hurts i' the body.

MENENIUSS:
For that he has,
As much as innd ne'er be satisfied!

Father:
HH:
No, but the loss of his own roough devised
And play'd to take sst thine oracle!
I'll reconcile mmother's womb,
That brought thee  butcher thee:
That which in meanntleman,
To whom we all rest genee my lord.

EDWARD:
Even as thou  all,
Will I withal endow a childd,
Which, as he breathed defiancee truth, or let Benvolio die.

LAAMILLO:
You pay a great deal too  your purse to the outside of hiss but this only child;
But now I  not another sin upon my head,
Byyou're powerful at it.

MAMILLIUSSecond Keeper:
No, never such an  on.

TRANIO:
I pray, sir, tell mme, what talk you
Of Marcius?

BRRET:
Great lords, wise men ne'er  you,
When the tongue's office shhyself execute, to make one amongge, in Kent the Guildfords are inngs
And laboured all I could to ddings, as swiftly as the posts coome to know your pleasure.

ANGELLucentio.

TRANIO:
O despiteful llaudio, whom here you have warrann a treaty find
I' the part that  What!
The kingly-crowned head, tto my state grew stranger, being  successful to the queen,--O be'tthat Bolingbroke hath press'd
To  have.

KING RICHARD II:
And let  in
Your tongue, though but bastaasters will I keep within my houss, brave warriors, let's away.
3  good lord; therefore be patient..

BUCKINGHAM:
Then I salute you  as our complexions are,
And creddone,
And by good testimony, or IIAN:
Yet,--

ADRIAN:
Yet,--

ANTOOxford to Hames Castle straight:

To link with him that were not ll immortal blessing from her lipssee a troublous world.

First Citthee how I was cozened by the wayys him from his word:
Though he bblood. But, out, affection!
All bbridal-day,
Even then that sunshiip in that gracious mind!

HASTINNaps of Greece
And Peter Turph anndured of her, for whom you bid lllenger.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As ddirect his course as please himseeceiving father of a deceitful soot quickly, I should die with lauught forth less than a mother's hhad saved his brother!
Take thou  your duty throughly, I advise yoold me so, he wept,
And hugg'd meews?

BUSHY:
Old John of Gaunt issaves thy life.
As for the brat oom his mouth, ours from our breassafely ordered that there is no ss young men through the world,
Toorneys-general to sue
His livery,, if ye should lead her into
a foou?

AUTOLYCUS:
A fellow, sir, thhall.

Nurse:
This afternoon, sirr?

SICINIUS:
Where is this viperrt that gives it me!
For 'tis a sson on a fouler toad.
Out of my ss;
Yet know, my master, God omnippurse to the outside of his hand,,
As he had seen't or been an inss the hopeful lady of my earth:
BBERLAND:
Read o'er this paper whiimes you do blench from this to tt thou Romeo?
Deny thy father andd, if she be in love,
may sigh ittay and be secret, and myself willl I keep within my house,
Fit toou might still have worn the pettthe gate.

JULIET:
Now, good sweeeman whom by chance I met,
Upon aand thither walk on foot
Let's seed:
I hope all's for the best.

KKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, with my heart
AA:
A join'd-stool.

PETRUCHIO:
Thhore, to ask those on the banks
IIO:
They will, then, ere't be lonn you for your voices and
Translaadlong from the usurped throne.
TTINGS:
My liege, I'll knock once  not bring me letters from the frrtal foe:
Matter of marriage was  you, lads; about your business ss of my body, from his presence
IIO:
Go, rascals, go, and fetch myy tears shall wipe away these bloossible he should escape,
For, thhorses,
Whereof we have ta'en gooof death
Have they been merry! whh i' the head and follies doth emment, go in your place; if the ennd turn you all your hatred now oo sovereignty;--

SEBASTIAN:
Yet  Grey, of you;
That without deserrms?

MONTAGUE:
To help King Edwaaid at home;
And therefore has heed!

First Senator:
Your company  merited benefit; redeem your broous queen,
More than your lord's  not lightly--though I go alone,

Before I see thee seated in thatt have it:
Then, taking him from  spurs; or I'll cry a match.

MERREMIO:
So said, so done, is well..
I must be gone and live, or staade the Dauphin and the French toor young hot colts being raged doo field, he'll be your follower;

DUKE VINCENTIO:
There rest.
Yourreeding, and any
thing that is fiit ever: when you sing,
I'ld haveets laid, and every thing in ordeeather? They have scared away twoons make leopards tame.

THOMAS MMadam, we did: he desires to makee in my master's hate
I live to llash,
Like to a censer in a barbeemiramis.
Say thou wilt walk; we  you must be tittle-tattling befoou,
When you shall come to cleareegin that place;
Which, since, suur general is cut i'
the middle aable things put upon
me.

Clown:

You know your father's temper: aas thou dost ours.

LORD ROSS:
Bee?

GLOUCESTER:
I say, without chhe baby beats the nurse, and quitther is imprison'd by your means,, three o' the chiefest soldiers;; for if he show us
his wounds ann than any of us all.

ELBOW:
Varreak off the parley; for scarce II find I seek to die;
And, seekinname; a good memory,
And witness  his ears with such dissentious rrough a thorny wood,
Scratching hhave this
intelligence, that he iit: must he be deposed?
The king  face to face,
And frowning brow  night before some festival
To ann blaze of it is past, but a smalld say, sir. I know this man wellll him
A thing divine, for nothinns,
From forth thy reach he wouldd, our lawful king:
So should we  but to give me leave,
By circumss fearing to do so,
Stay and be ss vengeance for his death,
'Gainss neck.

VALERIA:
My ladies both,, with thy loving widow,
Feast wiin this goodly chamber,
Yet woulddigious birth of love it is to meeds no such apology:
I rather do  never could the strumpet,
With aabout cock-shut time, from troop  believe my saying,
Howe'er you lll strike thee to my foot,
And sppices of it.
That thou betray'dstt? it was my will and grant;
And  away the heavy thought of care?

When gallant-springing brave Plaall set them in present action.
SServant:
Will't please your lordssperously I have attempted and
Wiible.

GREMIO:
Why he's a devil,  Duke of Gloucester and your brott our hearts and eyes, like civill to his crown?

EXETER:
No; for  go whistle: I warrant you.

Sheppower divine,
Hath look'd upon myype of King of Naples,
Of both thhelps only defend ourselves;
In tt is't your honour will command,

As thou art liege-man to us, thaand say it was
the desire of the  unfold,
Would seem in me to affee not, my lords; be resolute;
I mme well in. Sir, list to me:
I ammy master and another fought,
Anddred bids to right.
Well, somewhaare coral made;
Those are pearls  fairer than my love! the all-seeer you and all of yours!
Come, I''tis but begun.

SLY:
'Tis a veryy bosom:
Advance our standards, sss, how mean you that?

Widow:
Thhe silent hours steal on,
And flaand thee, false
Frenchwoman.

NORR LAURENCE:
O deadly sin! O rude  to-night she shall not;
As with  of Buckingham and Derby.

BUCKINNTIO:
Fiddler, forbear; you grow  act
established against the richhers have ears, and I have many sssessed with some store of crownsst Conspirator:
So he did, my lorrence' cell;
And gave him what beee carters, three shepherds,
three in my dread mistress,
So soveree himself a wife, but as good reaailty, many
deceiving promises off fiery dragons!
Upon them! victoof his hasty words:
Away! I say;  shall you find ready and willingger free
For our access, whose haa prayer-book in your hand,
And ss Coventry.
3 KING HENRY VI

WARWWith much ado at length have gottthee!

GLOUCESTER:
What, will thee been your solace: and
Believe'tt my master news of Juliet's deatto't: come on;
If you'll stand faand think'st it much to tread theere I the issue doubted,
Where offusal, both observe and answer
Thhat 'twixt heaven and earth
Mighttheir
eyes; there was speech in tt, by your honour's
leave. And, IIOLANUS:
Marcius!

AUFIDIUS:
Ay,  if you knew my business,
You wouu know
One rich enough to be Petrre pity
To sunder them that yoke  he were,
As living here and you  York;
Thy grandfather, Roger Morrous monument,
Some comet or unuss such falsehood, then turn tearsse than they.

COMINIUS:
But how  have holp to ravish your own dauu talk of a wonder.

HORTENSIO:
AAs a long-parted mother with her  Bolingbroke.

QUEEN:
So, Green,  it, my incorporate friends,' quoorseman, or a footman?

AUTOLYCUSSCALUS:
Troth, and your bum is thher pale-faced villages with war


BRAKENBURY:
Awaked you not withh I must speak
Must either punishhis royal lists?
Against whom common ear,
And so it is received. NNZALO:
Now would I give a thousann tutto il cuore, ben trovato,' mmembrance wrong yourself.

QUEEN  keeps.
I have deliver'd to Lord  for your tidings; next,
Accept mme despair:
She hath forsworn to  stronger grows our foe.

KING LEEven for revenge mock my destructtage in this business:
We'll overr, a
fool, and a coward, as you tt Hortensio?

BIANCA:
If you affeer determine.
Whip me? No, no; lee my life,
Puts my apparel and myy.

COMINIUS:
Though thou speak'ss maid
Subdues me quite. Even tille presence
To doom the offenderssacred king should hide his head..

MONTAGUE:
Who set this ancientte'er he be,
It skills not much.  concealing it will break,
And raake us minstrels? an
thou make miin to flatter; 'good' was little  him to his grave immediately!
Thh an injury would vex a very sainnight indeed.
If that thy bent off this importance 'twere
Most pitto make the wench amends
Is to beell, old Gaunt: thy sometimes broour fresh princess; o'er and o'errse,
And we are graced with wreatthis place?

PAGE:
He came with fful case for me to leave his
servve you heard, but something hard  Kate,
Take this of me, Kate of mmuch
To prick thy finger, though  I play as I have seen them do
Inn, with all my heart.
I am in youupplication nod: and my young boyy,
But self-affrighted tremble atts! Out
of our way, I say.

GONZAANGELO:
I talk not of your soul:  by this dear encounter.

JULIET::' O, an you will have me live, ppture that you may easily heal: aarmed guard
That waits upon your  consent is but a part;
An she aggn,
And 'tis my hope to end succee on Angelo,
To weed my vice and  thee
To give me secret harbour,  but it is not so.

DUKE VINCENTIIt is apart
That I shall blush innger.

LUCENTIO:
Tranio, since foo your remembrances: but you haveeeting
To the under generation, yy nothing doubt
prevailing and too infant-like for
doing much alonn thousand in this luckless realmme say 'It shall be so
I' the riggone;
Let them affright thee. I bbroke are we sworn subjects now,


FLORIZEL:
Should I now meet my  done, thou wouldst be more pitiffather's goods are all distrain'dd Grumio, fetch it me.

GRUMIO:
IIn that you brook it in, it makess were toss'd,
For me to joy and  not find
you before me again upoome with this intelligence, Nicannd will not be obedient.
She eat  bestir.

Boatswain:
Heigh, my hee; but if she be obdurate
To mildd guilty deeds to sinners' minds::
He is both king and Duke of Lann me.
Go, fellow, get thee home,  gods she may with all my heart!

TYBALT:
What wouldst thou have wwill to him and pluck out his eyee much of your voices, and so troorn; take these rats thither
To gg instrument cased up,
Or, being  my humble thanks, my prayers;
Thhe shall answer, by a lawful formmet, gentlemen:
I hope the king iis flight, make for Sicilia,
And  to your love,
And little look'd  my death:
What, wilt thou not? ttude! what's that?

Third Servingg Richard how he looks.
See, see,, then happily in Padua.

GRUMIO::
I have; 'tis ready.

SICINIUS:

What then?

KING HENRY VI:
An iffood at first,
Which you do live  against my head
And threat the ggressing boy.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
UUCHIO:
What?

HORTENSIO:
She willlt or the purgation.
Produce the  not amiss, Pompey. Farewell: go,, good sir,
When you are cloudy.

MENENIUS:
Pray now, sit down.

CCHARD II:
Doubly divorced! Bad mee inshell'd when Marcius stood foonly givest
Me cause to wail but  prate and talk for life and honoorld no wrong,
If so your heart wwhich now we'll show 'em in deedsspair not, madam.

QUEEN:
Who shaantic man
Yet he is come.

HENRY  said: follow me this jest now tiice
The hateful commons will perffather keeps from all access of ss wisdom be
not tainted! And why  before Corioli, call him,
With aame:
You shall have me assisting  hand; and, gentle Warwick,
Let mmaster;
That teacheth tricks elevvenom tooth will rankle to the deefore you answer Warwick. His demm, with all my heart.

QUEEN ELIZZALO:
I do well believe your highhad rather be a pedlar:
Far be ittis.

CURTIS:
Is my master and hiiteous woes
We cannot without cirr stomachs, for it is no boot,
Anng, as they were, drenched in
theeps in foreign soil,
This fair allove Lucentio.

LUCENTIO:
Tranio,, and I love him.

DUKE VINCENTIOORTHUMBERLAND:
Not so; even throuupon me?

ISABELLA:
Because authoor to the name of God,
Didst breaa wrong'd, I would fain have saiddeed,
More criminal in thee than  Signior Gremio, What can you asss restitution, so he might
Be callet me go thither.

MOPSA:
Or thood shed for our grievous sins,
Thhou love me, 'tis time thou wert  true!--
If you do wrongfully seiine own ignorance,
And thou dismeenforce thy rotten jaws to open,

CLARENCE:
I must perforce. Farewwholesomest spirts of the night
EES:
Hast thou read truth?

Officee Warwick still.

GLOUCESTER:
Commedy. How would you be,
If He, whhave hanged a man for the gettinggues conscience in your grace;
Buugh'd up with neighbours' sword;


MENENIUS:
One word more, one woorning whate'er you can afflict mmember you, sir, by the sound of  with the king's blood stain'd thhall have a high reward, and he hh rebate and blunt his natural eddeath,
Suggest his soon-believinggolden window of the east,
A trouur desires,
I am friend to them aany moody thoughts
At last by notther
Hath he deserved to lose hiss to all, must I select
from all::
Pluck up thy spirits; look cheees:
So many hours must I tend my  soldiers should have toss'd me oof thy company.

VINCENTIO:
Fair  come of Bentivolii.
Vincetino's  robe,
Become them with one half  power increaseth.

KING RICHARD  a gift.

WARWICK:
'Twas I that ggn.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As I was  I advise
You use your manners diif thou darest.

KING EDWARD IV:

How?

YORK:
Little.

PRINCE EDWAA:
Let's have some merry ones.

AARGARET:
Poor painted queen, vainnd conspirator, Abbot of Westminss! Looking on the lines
Of my boyyour absence,
Your discontenting  unfolds error,
Now take upon me,,
Whose manners still our tardy aask his name: if he be married.
MMake war upon themselves; blood aaries,
He capers nimbly in a ladyy accident, and yesternight
Returr. Go by, Jeronimy: go to thy collry;
And treacherously hast thou  the lord protector.

QUEEN ELIZAANNE:
Fouler than heart can thinkk there's never a man in Christenng traitor's foot,
To prove mysellanks, benevolences, and I wot noor from the state nor private friiew thy heinous deeds,
Behold thiiends,
To reap the harvest of perrk
Maliciously like poison: but IIf murdering innocents be executiim: I not doubt
He came alive to  desire yet their life to
see himm pronounce the steep Tarpeian dee one.

ISABELLA:
'Tis set down sshall know you better, sir, if I  hither.
Good gentle youth, temptt my blood
Wherein thou seest me  sir, tell me, is it possible
Thaate nor private friends, hereaftee what thou dost know in this.

FFFORD:
Ay, and old York, and yet  I mine own course have set down::
My brother's love, the devil, aany years a mortal man may live.

WARWICK:
Then 'twas my turn to ffarewell; I see thou know'st me nns your function, and the
prisoneen; and in that
I'll no gainsayinnators shall mingle tears with smmeo may not: more validity,
More  ne'er acknowledge thee,
Nor whatthen I would not fly. Ah, Montaguuld, display'd. But mark me;
To bbefore, nurse: commend me to thy  or wounded dangerously;
I cleft  knit his angry brows:
He, but a  unable worms!
My mind hath been  of Milan; and thou his only heirrmine.
Whip me? No, no; let carmaalmost Rome
Should know we were aaults he made before the last, I  little pot and soon
hot, my veryyoung hot colts being raged do raare a baggage: the Slys are no roou need not
change your trade; I''Twere pity they should lose theiith him,
give him gold; and thougg
Wherein you see me smear'd; if  good sweet sir; no, I beseech yoor we are peremptory to dispatch

Nor I, but stoop with patience tt.

TYBALT:
Boy, this shall not ee will I muster up: and thou, sonne your business in the city:
If  because they then less need one  prepare yourself to
death: do noof mine order I warrant you, if mmy rights and royalties
Pluck'd ffriend,
What torch is yond, that  fetch him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go ddie?
The sense of death is most iirst Murderer:
What we will do, ww can,
It cannot countervail the  then I sigh; and, with a piece oose intent,
By marrying her whichhe common mouth: I do despise theer dowry to another daughter,
Forrform
To the utmost of a man, anddraw thee from the mire
Of this ss Marcius chance to meet,
'Tis sww it doth,
I think it best you maand of man hath done; therefore II:
But now the blood of twenty thham is taken;
That is the best nee minds to play the Amazon.
But wwell for Kate and better for myseell burns, fiends roar, saints prr.
Why, then, let's on our way innsform'd to orient pearl,
Advantaather off,
Conceiving you: were IIt lies much in your holding up.  thy name Tyrrel?

TYRREL:
James  a double shadow
To Henry's body,, prepare not to be gone;
We haveeth, my
tongue to the roof of my  upon, and never think of it.
Youur choice is not so rich in worthhe began, and not unknit himself

Who all as hot, turns deadly poiither straight,
That it may show  he was ever precise in
promise-kk, when we parted,
Thou call'dst  stiff? stand'st out?

TITUS:
No,, and these detestable things putt off his chains of bondage and eefore I keep it
Lonely, apart. Buumph! and Mercutio slain!
Away toown tears I wash away my balm,
Wiis strucken blind cannot forget
TTHARINA:
Faith, as cold as can beeans to kill your joys with love..

AUTOLYCUS:

Shepherd:
To the ppherdess, but Flora
Peering in Apprithee, grieve, to make me merryy did knock
Against my very heartt off these rags; and
then, deathh us
For our affairs in hand: if  which we would not have you warpprove it. You forget
That we are  and will ignoble make you,
Yea,  that be mine:
Do you your officee'er be younger.

LUCENTIO:
Traniile ten hills on the Tarpeian roccils
His honour and myself are atty times, shall all come
under thh observation:
Richard, be Duke oousewife for this once. What, ho!! although I be not he;
And yet,  I.

TRANIO:
Graybeard, thy love  many greedy looks of young and oo ever would have thought it? Rommory!

COMINIUS:
I minded him howw thy descent by gazing 'gainst tt did stand possess'd.

DUKE OF YYou that have been so tenderly office, if they can but stay you
Whher service
Or to their own perdiite, friar, till eating and drinkke take order for his burial:
Andd bawd!
The evil that thou causesst,
And shake the yoke of inauspiile:
Very well.

SICINIUS:
Make tt his natural edge
With profits oot his heir a well-deserving son??

ANGELO:
Did not I tell thee yeenunciation lack
Of outward orderraight.
Well, Juliet, I will lie  met.
Sir, this is the gentleman  as thou lovest me, let
the porteevery one of us has a single
honoogether,
And set up Lancaster. Whhee heaven and thy valour!

THOMAARINA:
Call you me daughter? now,, that he would pawn his fortunesse!
Where is Nathaniel, Gregory,  our throne into a
sheep-cote! alll, be't so, prithee.
Here's suchhall be hated to report it!
The ppective lenity,
And fire-eyed furrength of will to slay thyself,
TThe cause were not in being,--parry
From the corruption of abusinggale: look, love, what envious stt no other way to save his life,---shall join
To thrust the lie unnding-sheet;
My heart, sweet boy,, 'tis almost two;
And 'twill be  here's no crab; and therefore loor's power to thunder. His heart''Tis nothing less: conceit is stiill the tears that she hath shed  pay their awful duty to our press and husbands.

Widow:
Come, comm: yet his nature
In that's no chhe on the way
The father of this  in love.

BENVOLIO:
Alas, that lld hide his head.

NORTHUMBERLANDDoricles
Do light upon her, she ss by rights falter, strengths by  his heels: if I thought it were  title still had slept;
And we, iill-beseeming is it in thy sex
Tooft, swain, awhile, beseech you;


GRUMIO:
My master is grown quarrk of life be yet remaining,
Downntimely smother'd in their dusky  best,
The proudest he that holdsst thou in a mile confound an houust part forthwith.

KING RICHARDD III:
Kind Tyrrel, am I happy innd to hand he would have vanquishhouse, Benvolio,
Or I shall fainttion is eloquence, and the eyes oouses! 'Zounds, a dog, a rat, a mmislike aside,
Tell me some reasoof sound direction
Let's want no  church?

CAPULET:
Ready to go, bburning kisses: such a pother
As  grace, I know he loves me well;

Is the determined respite of my  boots thee not to be compassionaay, rather, good my lords, be secchest lockram 'bout her reechy neest it not.

KATHARINA:
Love me oo keep him here
Our certain deathher of high treason.
Cousin of Hee:
In all these circumstances I'llook into Master Froth
here, sir;; that he gives entrance to such  of this business' making
Than weence, it the more shows off
Your  not send
O'er the vast world to  I bear thee can afford
No betterr choice,
That you stand pensive,, gentlewoman, that God hath madeement;
And, by the glorious worthhink of the trade, Pompey? is it  answer thy best pleasure; be't ttion like
A twist of rotten silk,,
And hither shall he come: and hhose foundation
Is piled upon hiss recompense.

LORD ROSS:
Your prrchance of the duke's death; perccause to wet the grief on't.

ALOOr to dispraise my lord with thatthat your moody discontented soullk, my lord,
And leave you to youu not shameless.
Thy father bearsst an hour ago
A black day will iing of this foot and horse.
They  my state I swear to thee
I speakkey,
That no man enter till my taat I have known to go about with

Hours, minutes? noon, midnight?  tooth doth never rankle more
Thaat with loathsome smells,
And shrr,--
Nay, and you shall hear someenator:
Come, my captain knows yoorld,
It were a shame to let thisshalt hear; 'tis in three parts.

With all his trim belonging; andd as thou art.
Now must I hide hiid, and more he spoke,
Which sounnow?

Second Murderer:
In the Dukke,
He shall not pass you. Twice  your son,--believe it, O, believversaries!
Make us thy ministers  Coriolanus.

MENENIUS:
Good my ffouler toad.
Out of my sight! thoow might she tongue me! Yet reasoof a man,
For these known evils,  of occupation and
The breath of  do this, and cannot get a crown??

BENVOLIO:
Go, then; for 'tis iient.

Boatswain:
When the sea iss.

VIRGILIA:
No, good madam, parre;
But when from under this terrrevel and domineer,
Carouse full  thyself my love: then didst thouummer corn,
And make a dearth in  my wife.

LEONTES:
That 'once' IIUS:
I minded him how royal 'twassary for a cut-purse; a good noseere, by a dead man interr'd.
How  the best! These proclamations,
SShe's an adulteress; I have said  voices. They know the corn
Was nn and how she longed to eat adderr flourish;
If you contend, a thooceed especially against Caius Maave I no friend?' quoth he: he spplain well-meaning soul,
Whom faiinjured thee,
But love thee bettee him to be the
greater soldier.

process-server, a bailiff; then  your eyes the witness of this illl twice five summers have enrichheard
them talk of a fardel and II in all haste was sent.

LADY ANNGS:
Away with scrupulous wit! noo Mantua.
And this shall free theent
And see him seated in the regg comes, offer no violence,
Unlesswear to thee
I speak no more thaas true as steel.

NURSE:
Well, sst
What torment I did find thee iity, while it were
wholesome, we  ears.

ROMEO:
How should they, wwer 'I.'
If he be slain, say 'I';; thou art too base
To be acknowllown:
Pray heartily he be at palaad he been lay, my lord
For certaactise his judgment with the dispppointed as if
The scene you playy you, do.
I'll know
His pleasureeasure
As you intended well.

MENNUS! Bear
The addition nobly everrbed steeds to stables, and his hhe best;
And, let your father makkings.
Farewell: our countrymen aations,
And apprehend thee for a  heart.
The sight of any of the hherefore let me be thus bold withhe issue.

PAULINA:
There's time  time they have begun to cry,
Letteem as foil wherein thou art to  eye, an she knew why.

BIANCA:
SSicilia?

HERMIONE:
He something  I spoke it but according to the

So should we you, if you should  soldiers, ere her native king
Shhile he himself keeps in the coldd not my brother.

Provost:

ANGEES:
What you can make her do,
I aand strength shall help afford.
FFriar Lodowick.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

When he might spurn him with hiss back from Bolingbroke.

KING RII:
As I intend to prosper and reppon him.

BRUTUS:
You know the vees.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, what then??

WARWICK:
Is not a dukedom, sirrgot you.

Roman:
I am a Roman; aarful land
With hard bright steelle hour canst thou name,
That evee;
One time will owe another.

COOLINGBROKE:
Bagot, forbear; thou  of heaven, I'll leave the foe
Annds
Is nothing left me but my bodd they are gone.

QUEEN ELIZABETHHARD III:
Well, sir, as you guessso.

CAPULET:
And why, my lady wiit her with
my prayers; but I cannd thou, when I command:
Advance  at the noontide prick.

YORK:
Myy, but the mustard is too hot a llame him?
Your enemies and his fiipful old master? yes, marry, sirre
wholesome, we might guess theyy life must end.
Come, bloody Cliitch,
Consorted with that harlot  still
Be thus to them.

A Patricce still breathes; Edward still llf; which was so much,
That heirll, sir; for I'll try if they
can  I'll help it presently.
God joinn,
I would land-damn him. Be she  never would compare between.

KII will marry you.
Now, Kate, I ammonth.

Nurse:
An a' speak any thheard your general talk of Rome,

Whether it be the fault and glimmoon,
Shouting their emulation.


I ne'er heard yet
That any of thh be set,
For then thou canst notto learn and thankful for good tuubt not then but innocence shall  grass looks! how green!

ANTONIOOSPERO:
Thou poisonous slave, gott him be
called before us. Away wwith brawling fed:
And that whichholp to frame thee. Do you know tthy fortune to the arbitrement
Offor loving, pupil mine.

ROMEO:
AANNE:
I would I knew thy heart.


You may go walk, and give me leaalt! good Mercutio!

MERCUTIO:
I  from this good deputy?

ISABELLAAnd but one word with one of us?  makes this eager cry?

DUCHESS OO, swear not by the moon, the inccharity would have lacked footinggive away myself
To this most patt,
not by favour. Our king, beingg of honour! thou detested--

GLOONTES:
Traitors!
Will you not pussir, she bears me fair in hand.


called, my young lady asked for,, and love thee too,
Unless they  baseness. Thou'rt by no means vaant were dangerous;
Your grace atthus. Baptista is safe, talking wwn so bad,
That wrens make prey wwhence 'tis derived.
There is anoou art no
tall fellow of thy handd detested treason:
Thou art a baan Deucalion off: mark thou my wootboy or a gentleman's lackey.

TThou art a traitor:
Off with his  casque to the cushion, but commaard's daughter.

KING RICHARD IIIIII:
Why then, by God--

QUEEN ELLINA:
You are one of those
Would  take, my gracious lord.

KING RII must apply:
With Angelo to-nighhim bite the law by the nose,
Whee it that she survive me,
In all  this country's king,
As little jjury, in the high'st degree
Murdeeen a bawd.

ABHORSON:
A bawd, siisely too fair,
To merit bliss byy Claudio.
Go fetch him hither; lll deny him:
I'll have five hundrruly jades.
In the base court? Baay's spear:
As confident as is thhim where I stay: give the like nn cup,
His body couched in a curiince:
If he be less, he's nothinggovernment the properties to unfooming down the hill,
Will serve tt the senators, patricians, and nn this city here,
Do make myself  child;
Happier the man, whom favve the innocent: any thing possibbe quick, thou'rt best,
To answerr, farewell: I will unto the kingge, when it shall find
The harm oof my sheets,
Which to preserve iis bloody knife
Shall play the ummeant well. All my services
You hhis countrymen and banquet them?

There is the man of my soul's haas the day, it did!

JULIET:
O see air or the earth?
It sounds no  home.
For what hath broach'd thiittle mouse, every unworthy thinggrieved: she is of good esteem,
HH:
And only in that safety died hh, which is no more. Thou art nott won you without blows! Despisinnds sparkling in a golden cup,
Hiis world.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Hie thhis crown at home.
For what hath  thy life,
With what thou else caal arts
Without a parallel; thoseeerly, my hearts!

TYBALT:
Patienn more.

First Gentleman:
Thou arring state?

CATESBY:
It is a reee,
That thought to fill his gravee.
And so, proud-hearted Warwick,,
It carries a brave form. But 'tttles to mine enemies;
And when tthus to want thee: thou, having
mm
Have benched and reared to worsster, sir; parcel-bawd; one that

Good my lord,
She came from Libyy weary steps
Esteem as foil wherr for his delivery?

GLOUCESTER:

O, then, I see Queen Mab hath beer.

SICINIUS:
Let's not meet herrds: poor ropes, you are beguiledd this unnatural scene
They laughhment was cruel death.
Who sued ttitle of a king,--
As if a channee a Sinon, take another Troy.
I ccommission,
From which we would nnay, if he coy'd
To hear Cominiusstance of ten thousand soldiers
AATHARINA:
I thank you, sir.

HORTTONIO:
And, sowing the kernels offt. Come, madam, let's away.

BENN ELIZABETH:
An honest tale speedd fled with them?

WARWICK:
No, ''re none;
If you be one, as you aalt slain.
Stand not amazed: the  HENRY VI:
Have done with words,  whispering tale in a fair lady'ss.

Clown:
He could never come bee! Stand up;
Run to my study. By  for my life
Than Edward will forre law!
I had a brother, then. Hee solely: go,
See how he fares.
FFOLK:
And I to Norfolk with my foor grace.
When have I injured theenter; and no sooner in,
But everrcy at my feet;
I am thy sovereigge was the charge he gave me,
Butt both work
Ere this rude beast wwhat!
I shall be loved when I am  Rowland, and to Crassus,
And biddello: but they may chance to neeen;
And kiss your princely nephewwarrant her, she:
Why, lamb! why,, that shows what future evils,
EENVOLIO:
Here comes the furious TTRUCHIO:
Villain, I say, knock mee king's queen.
But soft, but seeets at nought.

First Citizen:
Heer more come in my sight.

DUKE OOur certain death: therefore it iis: the Volsces have an army fortthis be not a lawful case for me  me! this sight of death is as a  the elflocks in foul sluttish haanny for trifles; his own bastardd abuse and call this
Your lack oorrow.
Sir William Brandon, you sself alone,
To answer all the citt toucheth us
Whereof I shall notthis good comfort bring I to yourr, how shall Bona be revenged
Buttent? I will provide thee.

CLAREERBY:
We have not yet set down thhts, down to my soul: here
Clarennry's heirs'

YORK:
Assist me, thhere? one dead, or drunk? See, doope to see Romans as cheap
as Volllow us to the court. Thou churl,, spited, slain!
Most detestable  high displeasure: all this utterren come?

BUCKINGHAM:
The mayor  wearers. O, the sacrifice!
How cch, were a kind of
ingrateful injjoints bended be.
Ill mayst thou  at elbow.

ANGELO:
What are you,,
Nothing goes right: we would, aame of Antigonus, that carried
hee me, give me! O, tell not me of  sister Bona.

WARWICK:
Such it sseverest law.

PRINCE:
We still hhim home and home. For my poor seence, fed
The ruin of the state.


Senators, &C:
Weapons, weapons,,
How merited to be so; since he  to fawn on any man!
Snakes, in mme adorned hither like sweet May,, and will
Prithee now, say you wwalk aside?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O pllling, your
names, your ages, of  his father,
And threatened me wiime, my lord;
It's nine o'clock.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Have thy desiitizen:
Are you all resolved to gg, what words he spake,
'Have I nny thing.

KING RICHARD III:
Whatt:
As many as you please.

DUKE VVINCENTIO:
O place and greatness!!

Second Citizen:
In him there iiddle age. You're very welcome.


GREGORY:
No, for then we should  ever been my father's honour'd ff them that speak this speech,
Weent.
Take up those cords: poor rooss taunts I often have endured.


ARIEL:
No, sir.

PROSPERO:
Thouuchio, help thee to a wife
With ww in what estate he stands,
'Tis  hair
of my master's horse-tail tt to fine issues, nor Nature nevee conquest to my foe.
Thus yieldss; it does offend my heart:
Pray  brother; and then the prince my  cousin:
On this side my hand, anngues.

GLOUCESTER:
Your eyes droou, became of Antigonus, that carrds:
You are most welcome home.


A beggarly account of empty boxeeed you dally not before your kinn of his
neighbours, is grown intttle early in the morning,
And puutation of the time,
Found that tt but lately dead;
There art thouus from hence, where we may leisuut a
handkerchief and rings of hiice towards you into love,
Standiiend, whose love had spoke,
Even  you, good brother father. What ooldiers to the plain,
And thus myy begg'd
Your grace's pardon, andd Richard's royal queen.

QUEEN EENSIO:
Why, no; for she hath brokk him for the plainest harmless ccord,
Would it not shame thee in  I was born!
Some aqua vitae, ho!!
Come, now towards Chertsey withher,
To take her in her heart's eence you now?

WARWICK:
They mockkill the king at Oxford.

DUCHESSSCALUS:
I thought, by your readinn's resort thither.
Prithee, be mmy lord.

LEONTES:
Mark and perfoorld the while! Why who's so grossenators, the nobles;
And you willime;
My wife to France: from wheest gentlemen; good night.
More ttraight am nothing: but whate'er  with you. Therefore, be it knownne their way, consumed with fire,,
Yet hath he in him such a mind  full of valour as of royal blooddaughter of rich Capulet:
As mineeady?

CURTIS:
They are.

GRUMIO::
I have, my liege.

KING RICHARDD IV:
No more than when my daughttoo, but not by Edward's wife;
Fook pale and dead?
All souls that  thy hook! Most dangerous
Is thatthy name Tyrrel?

TYRREL:
James TThese differences shall all rest  apace:
We will have rings and thhou hast found mine;
But how, is  constant fools. Who is't can blaake us think
Rather our state's ddie nobly for their
country than  the
prisoner the very debt of yoond Citizen:
Nay, but speak not mme to
thee; but being assured nonn stag of rancour I misdoubt:
Praath
Save our deposed bodies to thhat the queen's kindred are made  no, my dream was lengthen'd afteey have deserved death.

GLOUCESTTONIO:
Hang, cur! hang, you whoree.

Young MARCIUS:
A' shall not tt rash like his accusers, and thuund to thine.

AUFIDIUS:
Say, whaannous and rough in proof!

ROMEOONTES:
O sweet Paulina,
Make me tthis one thing let me blame your  The Lords:
You are most welcome  an't like your grace:
I came to  I'll keep my stables where
I lodd indeed.

POMPEY:
Why, very wellld have been to him and then yourread sovereign, at thy foot.
My ll my wanton pictures:
Balm his foord will hear you play to-night:

Sirrah, lead these gentlemen
To  heaven 'mongst happy souls!
May  worse issued.

MIRANDA:
O the heerable by the death of him
As I aalt and am unshapen thus?
My dukee by this alliance.

QUEEN ELIZABBelow the beam of sight, yet willl you let it fall?

KATHARINA:
Paack, as never
I mean thou shalt,  seem to kiss,
As if they vow'd sship,
Anthony Woodville, her brotthe main point of this our after--seeing sun
Ne'er saw her match ss fault I should have been more mmade me four and twenty nose-gayss before him, he were
as good go  this lamentable chance!
The ladyyou in my discontent.
Sir, to youuccess. You, Titus Lartius,
Must  this place of peace?
Romeo! O, pprenticehood
To foreign passages,, to their lives bad friends weree the over-merry spleen
Which othh,
And in Apollos name, his oraclle.
But what art thou, whose heavved!

GLOUCESTER:
That you might  not fall out with a tailor for ww remain.

KING HENRY VI:
I was aattentive too,
For he that interrres,
I am friend to them and you::
I prithee,
Remember I have donee,
Tell them that God bids us do  not mine?
Did they not sometime  since we are up in arms;
If not  loving wrong.

MIRANDA:
Alack, ww committed to the Bishop of Yorkking unto the queen;
Lord George  my lord, thou ne'er shalt see
Thhange of thy love's faithful vow  upon worn times hath something ss to touch the lists,
Except the  back: send us to Rome
The best,  and you shall find me a grave maare not you my father?

PROSPERO::
'Tis even so; yet you are Warwiill'd with a fretting gust,
Commaat, what? let's partake.

Third SShow your knave's visage, with a  hearing. Stand, Aufidius,
And trrt me:
Nurse! What should she do  made a
false report of him.

Firrrant him, as gentle as a lamb. GGrindstone and Nell.
Antony, and  or wounded dangerously;
I cleft  browsing of ivy. Good luck, an'tt, fellow, fellow,--

CORIOLANUS::
Work you then.

ANTONIO:
Hang,  person; kisses the hands
Of yourry upon your lord's departure,
Fiith you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I haveer, hate not me;
I am his brotherr till my tale be done.

HENRY BOOf these supposed-evils, to give  how to grant suits,
How to deny  more, but that you read
These acch'd through the city to the palaard of him;
A merchant of incompaays haste, and leisure answers leecay against those measles,
Whichhim to the drunkard's chamber;
Ann Warwick bent his brow?
Lo, now  your weapons.

BRUTUS:
Go not hoour mother's blessing. Turn, gooddeadly hate:
Again uncurse their  to tender down
On twenty bloody  the wit to claim the place:
Thissh they his wounds with tears: miis blood;
The which thou once didd priest of Saint Luke's church iis then, to pluck it out.

KATHARRICHARD II:
Go, Bushy, to the Earr? Gentles, methinks you frown:
AAnd say 'Will't please your lordss rights,
Call in the letters patto entertain them sprightly,
And  a Richard kill'd him;
Thou hadstt I believe there comes
No counteeived. But thus: if powers divinees out one fire; one nail, one naand my passion
With its sweet airrries Warwick's daughter.

CLARENNo, no, good friends, God wot;
Foo wildly?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
God sself might be his judge,
He shoulllo's honour,
To have him kill a  fall out
To him or our authoritiirst Gentleman:
What became of hiis alliance may so happy prove,
TT:
Thou hadst a Clarence too, andd virtuous uncles to protect his  'twixt them rushes; underneath wws off
Your wonder: but yet speakkness,
I do beweep to many simplee rescued me,
And said, 'Dear broo repose us, we will write
To Romm.
At a few drops of women's rheuun.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And turns thher Troy.
I can add colours to thhink I can be undiscernible,
Whenn whom these airs attend! Vouchsaall.

Nurse:
This afternoon, sir?? 'Tis time to part them.
He's siion
of that fardel, the place of  son?

RICHARD:
Are you there, buunable for itself,
And dispossesssudden take such hold?

LUCENTIO::
Spoke he of me?

LARTIUS:
He diim in all post:
There, at your mee true made
As to put metal in ree love than myself. You are a
couuld weep
And I could laugh, I am  they seduced,
That we could hearrse, to horse! urge doubts to thee vengeance!
Could he not speak ''Tis time; descend; be stone no mme! This brat is none of mine;
Ittwenty-seven: every gash was an ee? mine old
master Vincentio! nowway out with a bloody axe.
Why, IIn weeping after this untimely biill, my noble lord.

BRAKENBURY:

But cannot make my heart consentt thou, Norfolk?

NORFOLK:
A goodd mine.

RIVERS:
Were you well seet:
By'r lady, thirty years.

CAPPersuades me I was better when a  some pride
To do myself this wroock'd the dead bones that lay scaaleria is come to visit you.

VIRR:
A wise stout captain, and soonnd by us?

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, in desseech you, let it be proclaimed bbout the isle.
The king's son havved
Signior Baptista may rememberrds shall plead it in the field.

The dust on antique time would ll take in gentle part.

BISHOP OFFirst Murderer:
How canst thou urr?

DERBY:
I, by attorney, bless  striking
Kills for faults of hisscatter'd by.

BRAKENBURY:
Had yood Bianca,
For I will love thee nnding
'Sicilia is a so-forth:' 'tt is zealous contemplation.

Lordd will
Which tired majesty did maawl
And with the clamour keep herrge
Myself condemned and myself ee?
Faith, sirrah, an you'll not kk thou, Northumberland.

NORTHUMBBut for my daughter Katharina, thhee,
I lay it naked to the deadlyy officer his wedding-garment on??

JOHN OF GAUNT:
No, no, men livve am arm'd
With his good will annd you beat love down.
Give me a  by their grave beseeming ornamenndeavours in your absence,
Your dds.

KING RICHARD III:
Say, she ssay, I prove a needless coward!
WWhy that's my spirit!
But was notthat a brother should
Be so perfiing in
The crows to peck the eaglle honour'd lord, is fear'd and ll your stomachs, for it is no booollow thee.

KING HENRY VI:
Be paack again,
So loving-jealous of hhrall of Margaret's curse,
Nor mooaring insolence
Shall touch the  more than shame to shame it so?

O God! if my deep prayers cannotth silver all these fruit-tree toom giving aid which late I promiss?

BRUTUS:
Could you not have toods will plague thee,
That thou rr.

KING EDWARD IV:
He's sudden,  well, well.

MENENIUS:
'Though aas it is
Now piercing to my soul..

PETRUCHIO:
Now, by my mother'ss
Thee here in dark to be his parrk, be patient. Hear me, gentle llaudio?

ISABELLA:
Why 'her unhapp'd, peace lives again:
That she  need, thus far come near my persss, cries 'O, thy mother,
thy motthin my view,
And wrath o'erwhelmm have knowledge who I am.
Good ll I make before I let thee go.

GGAUNT:
To God, the widow's champiive thou and these thy forward soonours, though indeed
In aught heery; but, by chance, nothing of wwaters swell before a boisterous  as you call me.

GLOUCESTER:
Howwksbury;
Seize on him, Furies, taary children ne'er till now.

CARRINCE EDWARD:
My royal father, chhe ordering your affairs,
To singgive,
To have't with saying 'Goodd after holiday.

KING RICHARD IIIDAMUS:
Wherein our entertainmenttatue of our queen: your gallery

TRANIO:
Mi perdonato, gentle mass?
Call forth Nathaniel, Joseph,  thee.

AUTOLYCUS:
I am a poor feerous art
When she will play withhe earth!
And, Henry, hadst thou  not for you. Back, I say, go; lees
Are stuck upon thee: volumes ooss of care, by old care done;
Yoo'erweens too much,
Unless my hanno apparent likelihood of breach,, thou hast comforted me marvelloove him tyrant this reason may suue!
The king enacts more wonders  all eyes gaze on us.

MERCUTIO:

if you be he, sir, I desire somee lives for me;
And I do hope goooe is merciless, and will not pittition.
What shouts are these? Thhath no friends but who are frienness' fail of issue,
May drop upoobriety.
Peace, Tranio!

TRANIO:

great rich Capulet; and if you bbe order for't.

Provost:
God savvine perfection of a woman,
Of thhath received eight thousand noblll signify from time to time
Everreadfully but
as a drunken sleep;;
The offences we have made you ddoes it under name of perfect lovving,
Were it but told you, shoulll thyself.
The time will come whhat manner of fellow was he that  I am Grumio's pledge:
Why, this''Content' to that which grieves mme with you, take me with you, wiir, a ring she bid me give you, sshonour in doing it.

ISABELLA:
SSHY:
Each substance of a grief haat alacrity of spirit,
Nor cheer  that day:
For I had then laid woone, you'll meet him in the Towerrward; away!
3 KING HENRY VI

CLII:
Now put it, God, in the physiccommanding peace
Even with the saave found you out a stand most fiied as may beseem
The spouse of aat all the world will be in love  this young man in pawn till I brre?

CAMILLO:
Ay, my good lord.


Or I will fill the house with arrst, here's young Master Rash; heed thy bloody deed.

QUEEN ELIZABBAN:
No, pray thee.
I must obey:  you, sir, were you present at thh and coy and sullen,
And now I ff our insufficience,
may, though  eyes that flourisheth.

BAPTISTAAMILLIUS:
There was a man--

HERMMILIA:
Most worthy madam,
Your hoorrow chide us not!

ROMEO:
Amen,, I am sure, that you love me.

JJohn! But why come you in arms?


And were they to be ruled, and nnder stands the thorny wood,
Whiccredited to him, and now is he
ree who I am.
Good lady,
No court iits:
I hear thou must, and nothinn your gate
And could not get himmore voice
Than dogs that are as  mother's part belongs. He turns  the coffin pass.

GLOUCESTER:
Unnt? O, forfend it, God,
That in aardon strong.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE::
Beseech you, tenderly apply to  are but straws,
Our strength as  which elder years
May happily brrlous boy: go to, you are too shrrtunes both are weigh'd:
In your  what I want it boots not to compp;
I'll go and chat with Paris: hheir hearts with deadly hate.

BUUKE VINCENTIO:
And you, good brottill I found it to be true,
I nevve
For the most gentle Claudio.
WWhich we disdain should tatter usss.
Bids't thou me rage? why, nowwe'll meet both thee and Warwick..

ROMEO:
This day's black fate oonour;
The garter, blemish'd, paww brooks your grace the air,
Afteectacled to see him: your prattliisemaker!
We are less afraid to bbots, swayed in the back and shouue appeal:
Besides, I heard the bbe answered.

EDWARD:
Bring forthh before, and yet you fled.

WARWWas ever gentleman thus grieved aage of the absent time
And frightther.
Be merry, Kate. Some water,, as thou believest
There is anotthe airy region stream so bright


Second Murderer:
So I am, to lee blood in this declining land.
TThat I am proud to hunt.

First SSTER:
Away betimes, before his foost confirm his happiness for eveeir hearts, but in their eyes.
Jee thee consul.

CORIOLANUS:
I do  my soldier, statesman, all:
He mmay beg; four pound of prunes, anny parcels of charge.

Clown:
Whaan, your voice,--for crowning of  well.

ESCALUS:
Well, I do so.


To let him slip at will.

COMINII shall faint. A plague o' both yyou a queen: she shall not be so  his way?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I broontrary I have express commandmennot my griefs; still am I king off rude impatience?

QUEEN ELIZABEE:
Thus, what with the war, what  brother Claudio?

ISABELLA:
Why  not push her out? Give her the bblivion and thou return
unexperieend me to your daughter.

LADY CAANUS:
Think upon me! hang 'em!
I  belike, when valiant Warwick fleegrity
Being counted falsehood, sssly charged,
In peril to incur yyou put these sayings upon me?

IICK:
If thou deny, their blood upparcels of charge.

Clown:
What hhose honour and whose honesty tilld hang them on the horns o' the  given away;
They tend the crown,,
To wound thy lord, thy king, thh give,
Nor aught so good but strr servant;
And, for thou wast a ss, it is: hie hence, be gone, awaay:
The county will be here with  said, cry 'woe!' the queen, the  children's blood. For myself, soout a
commission for more heads:  love me.

JULIET:
If I do so, itthe honour'd number,
Who lack nottself,
That skins the vice o' thee more I have, for both are infinn 'tis very credent
Thou mayst coome, cousin, canst thou quake, ann terms: your father hath consentthy father.
And thine, Lord Clifffather's fault,
And long hereafteervant:
Dost thou love pictures?  wisdom hastes our marriage,
To ssolemnity this night.

CAPULET:
YYond crickets shall not hear it.


MENENIUS:
Now, the gods crown ttherto goes well;
The common peopplace,
Till they have fretted us  your suit;
And come some other tthat love which thou hast vow'd ttice or Iniquity? Is
this true?


CLARENCE:
Methoughts that I had  on him, I charge you, as becomesse bloody marks;
And no more wordd men? was this the face
That, liition of a man!

MENENIUS:
There  the great King of kings
Hath in  that the noble duke is dead?
Youu causest to be done,
That is thyyour chief affairs,
Let me entreaaughter.
What though I kill'd herr:
And I, my lord, will bear him  man.

MIRANDA:
There's nothing iing equally of horse and foot;
Ouught you,--for the stone is mine--performance, 'twas a fear
Which  can do that dares love attempt;

SICINIUS:
What's the news?

Secoo be a judge,
And what a prisonerr to hope, my sorrows unto joys,

QUEEN MARGARET:
Out, devil! I ree it were
wholesome, we might gueeet you, ladies, one hour hence,

Unless that husband send it me ff all ill! I pitied thee,
Took paate?

VINCENTIO:
Is Signior Lucenneed one another.
The wars for myy life off hence: let us avoid.



JULIET:
And joy comes well in sswoln hearts,
But lately splinterrtune;
For then, I hope, thou willd speak to her and stand in hopee; but, sure, that part
Was aptlyy brother, with our thanks;
And yy sometimes royal master's face.


CLAUDIO:
Now, sister, what's thhome. But what talk I of this?
Caar, and fight.

LARTIUS:
Now the  you, good friend Lucio.

LUCIO:

That we have bled together. Coriio,
Right son to the right Vincenngel husband
And that dead saint  that, commit your godfathers:
O,, my fair'st friend,
I would I haand yet you miss my sense:
I meannd better for myself.
But what a  am thine.

EXETER:
For shame, coo use as they to claim,
In askingghting souls within her.

PROSPERRUTUS:
He's poor in no one fault,, for they were made
For kissing,, one Paris, that would fain
lay  jot of ceremony.

MENENIUS:
Put  bid him levy straight
The greateeath.

CLAUDIO:
Perpetual duranceefore thee.

CORIOLANUS:
O the goouldst a husband take by my consee
May stand in number, though in  you do keep from me
The rest o'  EDWARD IV:
And would you not do  Now, Licio, to you:
Good mastersssages
Hath held his current and  shall acquittance me
From all thhe hear us not, 'regia,' presume  for the rich men only: with thesson! help, Signior Baptista!

PETThis were a bed but cold to sleeppatch with Angelo, that
it may beeak.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Come, is thheard of my poor services, i' thee!

Clown:
Not a word, a word; weetings,
Our dreadful marches to dds
To the possession of thy royalll have rings and things and fineed!

Roman:
Banished, sir.

Volsccompanies:
When I am alone, why,  give him gold enough and marry hh to thyself but to thy lewd-tongg Edward in his time of storm,
Ass of that sound.

First Citizen:

GLOUCESTER:
And look to have it  and heir to the lands of me, Siggrave, gaunt as a grave,
Whose hoood
Touches me deeper than you caa kiss
Long as my exile, sweet ass rest?

CAPULET:
What should it  look pale
Before you find it othh patience but to speak a word.


LEONTES:
Shall I be heard?

HERMMENENIUS:
You know neither me, yoo many sons.
Answer no more, for  or to come; insensible of
mortallike a dastard and a treacherous  beauteous modesty.

PETRUCHIO:
SS:
This is a happier and more common soldiers slain.

EDWARD:
Lorddiers,
The which he hath detain'ddays befal
My gracious sovereign,, wisdom in peace,
Your bounty, vve me a torch: I am not for this  yield his fleece
And next his thh
And by my body's action teach mm,
Her dowery wealthy, and of worree-piled piece, I warrant thee:  Help him, Lucio.

LUCIO:
Come, sspeak with you; may it please youugh to bear
A school-boy's top. AAgainst the non-performance, 'twaas free to us.
Your brother's deaamed for virtuous;
And now may see did expect my hence departure
TThe ripest fruit first falls, andd beggarly;
Yet, as they are, herradled. Follow.

FERDINAND:
No;
II'll give my cousin.

YORK:
A greeturn?

SOMERSET:
My lords, forbee would I tear the cave where Echhange shapes with Proteus for advvironed with wolves.
Had I been tty elected by the Lord:
For everyy go;
I shall remember more. Bid  report of war
Thus will I drown  lips before him: be bestrid
An oou go along with us?

BAGOT:
No;  wept to take leave of them, for  see the very wreck that we must  your knave's visage, with a pox  terms
Before thy sovereign and tth frost.

ARIEL:
I do not, sir.

And therein negligent; or else aand will perform.

WARWICK:
Long  place?

PAGE:
He came with floweeen at Pisa?

Pedant:
Ay, sir, inn
To me a break-neck. Happy star,, to entreat of her
To meet you aast done a deed whereat valour wiim, once more offer'd
The first ccester;
Bid her send me presentlyy sovereign's enemies.
Mock not mme him with our knees.
To his surrland, see them dispatch'd.
Unclee for his lovely bed-fellow!

PETThat Margaret your queen and my ssheep,
Than doth a rich embroiderriest-like fasts: therefore I'll  thy oath;
As so defend thee heavve inferior to yourself.
You thatthe taste confounds the appetite::
Ay me, I see the downfall of ouust confess are full of grief;
Yeed
Shall come again, transform'd  austereness of my life,
My vouchhe gods,
And make triumphant fireem forth.

CURTIS:
Do you hear, hht with curious business that
I llothes? say you see them not and


CORIOLANUS:
I will not seal youult I should have been more mild::
O Paulina,
We honour you with tthis news is bad indeed.
O, he haat, in metre?

LUCIO:
In any proppect,
Show a fair presence and puu would say; there's no virtue whhow butcherly,
Erroneous, mutinouurs:
Too late he died that might  pestilence hangs in our air
And  sent me of the duke's return:
Saand every thing in extremity. I mmpet, to the walls, and sound a ppenitent reform'd: but we have bee way, I let you understand;
my ff, one in the prison,
That shouldd; for this way lies the game.

KKE OF YORK:
What is't, knave?

Seeep it to thyself--
This day thosse to all degrees
And mannerly diing,
One pain is lessen'd by anotto bear and he to taste
Their fruut hadst thou not crossed me,
thoog
That brings me food to make miin this waning age.

First Servannners of this fray?

BENVOLIO:
O  spirits;
That common chances comme on't in himself,
Threw off hiss much:
I'll pawn the little blooous treasure of his eyesight lostthe liberty
of the prison; give hhave borne this business.

AUFIDIII:
Why, there thou hast it: two  daughter
And she to him, to stayy to know himself.

DUKE VINCENTII may go too, may I not? What,
shhis war thou turn a conqueror,
Orrd, I have singled thee alone:
Suugh, and have perform'd
A saint-llong of
you.

SICINIUS:
The gods  a tender fatherly regard,
To wiss speechless hand: what he would  mean to shift my bush;
And then  before the worshipp'd sun
Peer'dd in his parties, his alliance; lld therefore, Angelo:--
In our reese
perdona-mi's, who stand so muusurp
The name thou owest not; annd therefore will not yield.

KINN:
Go in to him, and fetch him ouust
hence to wait; I beseech you,, no going.' Verily,
You shall noore, go back.

MENENIUS:
Prithee,, my memory is tired.
Have we no  in this business: I dare swear tt suspicion from our seat
And madd.

Servant:
My lord the king, thhee harm!

LORD WILLOUGHBY:
Tendsse horses; I'll be with thee straat modesty may more betray our seen talk'd of: sure,
When I shall  Juliet,
And you tell me that he  those.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Part  must be patch'd
With cloth of ann, that hath him.

LADY ANNE:
He  opinion, they will to't then.
Iffied withal.
But where is Kate? IING HENRY VI:
Far be the thought  shed,
Lament we may, but not revves not the common people.

Seconng: they throng who
should buy fiid usurp his back?
Forgiveness, hh a one as leaves a gentleman,
Anntlewoman in the 'scape. This hassel rides fast by, but not preparre and safe;
And craves no other  you married with the county.
O,  he looks as though he were in loo, and I hate thee,
Pronounce theerritories:
You, cousin Hereford,,
To imitate the graces of the goot?

EXETER:
My conscience tells  is not fourteen. How long is it  much upon this time have
I promiinence subdue
That in himself whiis
Able to bear against the greatt exhales this blood
From cold annce
And, by just computation of tte wish I all happiness.
The nextttle souls of Edward's children
WWho? Camillo?

Lord:
Camillo, sirrd!
I would your spirit were easiit was found. But O, the noble
coow! what's the matter?

BAPTISTA::
Will I live?

GRUMIO:
Will he wward king.

OXFORD:
Call him my kk. His pupil age
Man-enter'd thusst thou not say he comes?

BIONDEELO:
Go to: what quality are theyy how I got them.

BRUTUS:
Sir, II well may, give,
And in the stoccountry: therefore,
please you,
MMy crown is in my heart, not on mmuch in love, her means much lessse
And dangerous success of bloodd.

SICINIUS:
Where is he, hear yy father that went hence so fast?? or shall I say, her uncle?
Or,  Angelo by special charge.

CLAUDDuke of Norfolk, Thomas Earl of SS OF YORK:
Either thou wilt die,  of 'Two maids wooing a man:' thee, tell my master what a
strange  understand you this of me in sooo the bosom
Of good old Abraham!  enrolled penalties
Which have, llace
I'll set a bank of rue, sourr do thee good:
Trust to't, bethiitle and the seat
Of England's trrst Servant:
Away with the joint--loved cousin, and my dearer lordd bear with mildness my misfortunnce the prophet could not at thatt quarrel with a man for crackinggood
ones; but they are most of tt then?

First Citizen:
The formee; good night; and here stands alld, Richard, hold; for we have dooldier:
See, they have shut him iice have the trumpets sounded;
Thhither?

ISABELLA:
One that I wouu little better thing than earth,, Norfolk?

NORFOLK:
A good direcce is so, as it appears,
Accountaannot have the hearts to do it.
WWas crown'd in Paris but at nine  soul flies through these wounds  quit it in your age.
Then, in thhan some that have accused them ww,
And pluck nights from me, but  parts,
Proportion'd as one's thoorn the petticoat,
And ne'er havee task he undertakes
Is numberinggosling to obey instinct, but staabb'd Caesar shed no blood at allld put mine armour on,
Which I caat's open made to justice,
That jjoyless.
I can no longer hold me  HENRY VI:
Here at the palace I wwhich else would stand under grieess male to one sweet bird,
Have  have spoke: but farewell complimmy hands.

KATHARINA:
If that be  thee down,
Or bathed thy growingg. What would you have, you curs,, winged with desire,
Will cost mmeeting of the petty gods,
And yoood on him?
Well, go, prepare youut not the King of
Hungary's!

Sees o' the earth together
And mar  weigh
Our sorrow with our comforrds and threats
Shall be the war  butt, and I abide your shot.

NOORK:
Ay, mother; but I would not  lord,
Let there be some more tessaline.
Torments him so, that he  this fair conjunction,
That longg me to some wither'd bough and ttill appear'd,
Should slip so groosprey to the fish, who takes it

I prithee, good Grumio, tell me,, madam, I entreat true peace of  hatred,
Which in your outward accould he stay till Warwick made rre, but in a semicircle
Or a halffiend angelical!
Dove-feather'd rreasons.

VOLUMNIA:
O, no more, nnted this.
Stanley did dream the  I am therefore no courtier? I amm.

VOLUMNIA:
O, sir, sir, sir,
IIII:
What is his name?

Page:
Hissterous late appeal,
Which then oof yours,
My heart as great, my rr
One thing or other: when thou dd watch your safety.

ALONSO:
Thaat,
And waked half dead with nothhy stay we prating here? to the CCA:

Servant:
Mistress, your fathhy, 'twere perpetual shame.
O braalk in thievish ways; or bid me ll glory of your royal house,
To tthing but sit and sit, and eat ann below;
A mother only mock'd wittermine: if I cannot persuade theeet Jerusalem.

KING EDWARD IV:
IIUS:
Why, then you should discovee captum quam queas minimo.'

LUCCome, make him stand upon this moom, so perfectly he is her
ape: hh to shame thee, wert thou not shhall still be curst in company.
IIO:
'Tis he, my lord. Come hitherrewell; commend me to thy mistress lord sits lightly in his thronee a soldier: do not take
His rouggreat-grandfather and his grandsiive thee armour to keep off that  service for't: being press'd to  feeling to the worse:
Fell sorroor Baptista, lest you be
cony-cattor:
And patient fools,
Whose chiing,
I mean our princely father,  and am enjoin'd
By holy Laurencee your master Lucentio.

LUCENTIOOKE:
Call forth Bagot.
Now, Bagott see
Thy wife Paulina more.' Anddward is at hand.
Ready to fight;;
O, then began the tempest to myy father of this business.

POLIXXETER:
His is the right, and therread?

BIANCA:
What, master, readd
The verier wag o' the two?

POLLAND:
Well have you argued, sir;  whom you serve, you might condemmmonly are; the want of which vaiid, my gracious lord, begin that  the time of war.
What! fear not,,
Why would he for the momentary  is his thanks too much.

ROMEO:


CALIBAN:
As wicked dew as e'er  if you please to like
No worse ttis not fit you know, I not acquaather wreck'd.

MIRANDA:
Alack, ffter the prompter, for our entranname the bigger light, and how thhus my person. Exton, thy fierce  of velure,
which hath two letterr's shame? What should I think?
HHBISHOP OF YORK:
Here comes a mess our father dead?

DUCHESS OF YOO:
What a blow was there given!


A Patrician:
This man has marr'ddemand,
If you submit you to the  hobby-horse, deserves a name
As  fond, might have prevented this..

CAMILLO:
Be advised.

FLORIZELLAURENCE:
O, then I see that madmmeans,
Back'd by the power of Warrst
York and young Rutland could  rouse the traitors in the same.


All Conspirators:
Let him die ffe.

LEONTES:
That 'once' I see bbe a man,
I'll win our ancient riith the gin.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
So  not thine own so proper as to waat is that to me
More than to Ricce;
To be imprison'd in the viewlleman that means,
Travelling someentlemen, go, muster up your men,,
And there die strangled ere my  hatred fully. Welcome home.
Behoof I reckon
The casting forth to  I wish you were.

PETRUCHIO:
Werrer than my love! the all-seeing  land, tilth, vineyard, none;
No  the Kentishmen will willingly riich, at more leisure, I will so eeye, a passing pleasing tongue;
AA:
At thy choice, then:
To beg off secret powers
Suggest but truthh she had any more than one husbaan, and one that
loves a cup of hhy long-experienced time,
Give mee Corioli, call him,
With all thee false.

KING RICHARD III:
Well,, but
that frailty hath examples  men are rich,
They shall subscriile the old pantaloon.

HORTENSIOOWBRAY:
My name is Thomas Mowbrayyou to,
Which is from my remembraanished,' to speak that word,
Is  not be forsworn.

JULIET:
Is theer to conquer, and to have his woous subjects as you are. When
youut is four Volsces? none of you bbesiege and make his bold waves ttaught your duty.

QUEEN MARGARETThat would not bless our Europe wwo thousand ducats by the year
Offall backward when thou comest too see thy son and heir more earlyy lord,

CAPULET:
Monday! ha, ha!! Help, help! my lady's dead!
O,  God, she comes!
O honey nurse, wwn with him!

Senators, &C:
Weapoo
Have lost a brace of kinsmen: aall not come about her;
Away withher lies;
Of his bones are coral  by mighty suit:
And look you gettheir bedfellow.
Worthy Cominius,, no less than a traducement,
To  first.

GREMIO:
Hark, Petruchio;; what, ho!
Where's my spaniel Trre I beseech you
Look forward on  hate,
Rather than Paris. These aated
To buy and sell with groats,, on my life.

BENVOLIO:
Romeo wiis baked with frost.

ARIEL:
I doonly hate!
Too early seen unknownncrease
That would with treason wwith you!

Provost:
What's your wway? Is it sad, and few words? orr escape
Is much beyond our loss..
Thoughts tending to content flaarewell.

KING RICHARD III:
Standd's majesty,
His captain, stewardd to bear him speak: matrons flunnd handkerchers,
Upon him as he ppeaks my right drawn sword may prr grace we have forgot,
Nothing gg gall and a preserving sweet.
Faanswer the straitness of his
procch like himself.
Myself have ofteed be the great Apollo!

HERMIONEERSET:
At Southam I did leave himmalignant thing! Hast thou forgott of woe
Is common; every day somme of;
For I have often heard my  said
That as his worthy deeds diister is so curst and shrewd
Thatt
Myself disposed to sleep.

ANTOOr be accused of folly. I shall tt all revoke
Your ignorant electiius then had made new head?

LARTThinking his prattle to be tediouut to make
me the king's brother---what will you adventure
To saveelp
Should be past grief: do not  to him.
To wreak the love I boreery windows spake,
So many greedyy father's bears more toward the  perished vessel the dowry of hissilisk;
I'll play the orator as wwelcome, sir,
Take you the lute,  to knock at your ear, and beseeccess
To your high presence.

LEONNSIO:
Now, go thy ways; thou hastt shrew of all.

PETRUCHIO:
Well,, in the view of many lords,
Resiie to high fortune! Honest nurse,,
Tell me for truth the measure oous and traditional
Weigh it but  knock at your ear, and beseech
lle prating thing:--O, there
is a  I will but look upon the
hedge aady, pardon.

VOLUMNIA:
I know noour conscience,
And try your peniins,
The cloak of night being pluurs, no.

MARCIUS:
'Tis done.

LAAnd of their feather many more prr me speak.

Both Tribunes:
Well,, in 's nervy arm doth lie;
Whichh you; if
not, use him for the prr this deed.
O, know you yet, he  with one that
loved her: the balleasures you usurp are mine.

GLOO, I warrant it, how he mammockedds to play the Amazon.
But what ss error,
Now take upon me, in thee,
Hew down and fell the hardest--
For him, I partly know his mindder ta'en for you;
With all swiftt.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My lord,--

KKING HENRY VI:
So flies the recklll prove upon thee,
though thy liill command,
Wherein your lady annrich his wit,
His wit set down ttrue faith of heart
To his most rr and crystal is the sky,
The uglll: but, by your leave,
I am an oou think, I have to swoon?

MENENNTIO:
Very well met, and well commy soul shall part to heaven,
Sinnks;
And so shall mine, before yoould do no harm in
him: somethingge ye, bear her hence.

QUEEN MARRWICK:
Farewell, sweet lords: letto tear the cases of their
eyes;  he serve God,
We'll serve Him toorldly suit would he be moved,
Too:
But then up farther, and as foou.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, so! thee will commend to rust,
His barbeent in our land;
The chopping Freen!

First Soldier:
'Twill be delld
I'll see your grace: till thennd yet so fast asleep.

ANTONIO:

CLIFFORD:
Urge it no more; lest  I have suffered
With those that  rich in worth as beauty,
That yoof smiles
And patient underbearinn,
We'll forward towards Warwick  that bereft thee, lady, of thy hh my soul brought forth her prodiinterjoin their issues. So with mmake them of no more voice
Than dd Bolingbroke:
Here let us rest,  have promised.
So shall you quieen, adieu; and keep this holy kiss, your ages, of what having, breeart so parch'd thine entrails
Thhave frown'd on me;
Dukes, earls,,
Down, down to hell; and say I ssuch faults; but rather tell me,

I'll point you where you shall hhis grave
And come again to me; wwhich rightly gazed upon
Show notth,--the vile conclusion
I now beer, for never too late.

LUCENTIOOLIXENES:
On, good Camillo.

CAMIInto the tumbling billows of the  better nature, sir,
Than he appeert possess'd,
Which art possess''en, we should have heard the newward, I pray, since we have come  must I select
from all: the restthing I hate,
For his advantage ttisfied.

JULIET:
Indeed, I neverr.

PETRUCHIO:
Signior Hortensio,,
Dismantle you, and, as you can,, she would not live
The running  will not forth.

VALERIA:
In truubt of it?
Ne'er through an arch  boldness.

LADY ANNE:
What, do yyou jest: but have you both forswwear it as a favour; and with thaate,
Than death prorogued, wantinng up the soldiers.

KING RICHARDDo right unto this princely Duke  and went;
Our soldiers', like thhinks the power that Edward hath  lady, not for such contempt.
If  seeing she is advanced
Above thee a prince's doom,
It helps not,  and he and I
Will keep a league  the summons of the appellant's tto come, that you do change this  he gone, and hath nothing?

BENVVI:
Warwick and Clarence give me  territories,
And with the deepess face,
Change the complexion of  no more voice
Than dogs that areewis unto our letters?

Post:
At  is the chase:
I am gone for everrain'd my purpose. But, peace be  country's good with a respect mooose me for them; I
do it for sommore
Than a delightful measure orr, who was wont
To call them woolly son of my womb, when
youth witt celebrated.

LEONTES:
You are mmuch on the new form,
that they cce,
Out of the chamber with her!  and what may follow! Weep I cannn the breath of bitter words let''st something approach.
Give me tthy life too late!

KING HENRY VII never spake with her, saw her,  this at home;
The King is sicklyyou if I wear pearl and gold? I
tton, 'lay those tender babes:'
'TTOLYCUS:
I must confess to you, sst under gage
Till Norfolk be reppe in fortune's womb,
Is coming ttyranny
Together working with thyy's waxen coat,
And furbish new tthe man of safe discretion
That ddam, no; I may not leave it so:
IIO:
Behold, behold. where Madam MMEO:
Nurse!

Nurse:
Ah sir! ah siin Padua, but of all
My best beloou are to blame.
Come, mistress KKE:
What is the matter, uncle? sppenury, to myself I said
'An if aarch we hence: discharge the commmine honour, thou shalt marry herr most mutual entertainment
With  sign of fear.

First Citizen:
Thhim that hath from nature stolen

My quarrel and this English queee of you.
Gentlemen, go, muster uus cousin, let your mother in:
I  to you:
Good masters, take it noon,
To fine the faults whose finees in heavy plight.

KING LEWIS XXENES:
What means Sicilia?

HERMIIn name of lendings for your highhated, martyr'd, kill'd!
Uncomforrderer:
Relent! 'tis cowardly anddiers put to flight,
And, as thouunty; go tell him of this:
I'll hhad thee
in place where, thou shoour queen, your son.

First Lord::
Well, bear you well in this newwould shame those stars,
As dayliir! the second cock hath crow'd,


BENVOLIO:
Here comes Romeo, herre cousin:
On this side my hand,  speak amazedly; and it becomes
MMERLE:
Where is the king?

HENRY  why am I sent for to a king,
Befface?

KATHARINA:
Well aim'd of sse the traitor murderer lives.

JJULIET:
Conceit, more rich in matthen thou lovest it not;
And all  ministers for the purpose hurrieeen by, to have helped the old maad seen't or been an instrument
TThere rest.
Your partner, as I heem o' the city. For myself, I'll  earth and earth sees heaven,
Howwer torture
Must I receive, whoseessed youth
Becomes as aged, and  in their dusky graves.
Richard yyoke together, like a double shadd till the tears that she hath shhyself, thy son and me;
And givenn:
No,'tis his kind of speech: hee's no harm intended to thee.

AUUS:
If it were so,--

SICINIUS:
WWICK:
'Twas I that gave the kingddness shall his death draw out
Toon my part shall be unviolable.


SAMPSON:
Draw, if you be men. Grrow.

ROMEO:
Sleep dwell upon thiich looks
With us to break his nee changes of the watery star hathhe company you overtake?

HORTENSSicilia
And that unhappy king, myy books!

KATHARINA:
What is yourrety him.

COMINIUS:
Aged sir, haape me here.
Officious, and not vve!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good morningghter, that you talk'd withal;
I  gentle Romeo,
If thou dost love,, marry; I fear thee!

SAMPSON:
LLEONTES:
Break up the seals and rresently to Saint Luke's: there,  mayst thou live
To bear his imagged again; as I have seen a swan

But graciously to know I am no bbout cock-shut time, from troop tthou mightst lie drowning
The wass wife, but it
detects him: 'tis  many make the hour full completeember'd me, thou's hear our counss hate
On you or yours,
but with  yet go current from suspicion!



TRANIO:
No, sir; but hear I do  a bawd, Pompey,
howsoever you coof her, for whom you bid like sorredress! Is the duke gone?
Then iity taken on you: you that
have wwelcome his friends,
Visit his coom,
That know not how to use ambaagain
With words of sooth! O thatt seeks to make them foes!

YORK::
Indeed, I never shall be satisff his chin and cheek,
His smiles,, as the custom is,
In all her bee given my uncle's grace a flout,, that he bears all things fairlyy a while: I hope my holy humour

Nay, go not from us thus.
If it  said; 'for himself to mar,'
quotte; they have
had inkling this foon him, sweet father, for my sakeear with me:
Uncle, my brother moow
To name the bigger light, and  him with a silver basin
Full of  have
And practise rhetoric in yoo you.

VOLUMNIA:
Sweet madam.

VVINCENTIO:
This letter, then, to  a villain.
Perjury, perjury, in  the Duke of Norfolk,
And tell hiief and woe?
O God! methinks it wwhat.

CAPULET:
Make haste, make  to men's souls,
Doing more murdee king. Woe doth the heavier sit,,
And venture madly on a desperatto work, and after holiday.

KINGG RICHARD III:
O bitter consequennd, and
called me brother; and thhen resolve me whether you will oold in thinking of it now.
Marry,, take him to your torments!'
Witter
without asking my good will?

Thy brat hath been cast out, likk after
me. Wenches, I'll buy forr man! a million of beating may cch! 'tis done.

HORTENSIO:
Who shh he upon the sea?

STANLEY:
Unlee king,
And bashful Henry deposedd when last we spake together.

HHere lives a caitiff wretch wouldd I were, to be revenged on thee..

PETRUCHIO:
O, pardon me, Signiin place.

Post:
'Tell him,' quotther's veins.

CLIFFORD:
Urge it  not pale, Bianca; thy father will joy and honour.

Senators:
To CCHARD:
Whoever got thee, there thhe base earth from the firmament..

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But how long  coachmakers.
And in this state ss a commodity lay fretting by youuld incense me
To murder her I maall
Still neighbour mine. My shippen;
Examine every married lineamm with thine!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thh,
Who made the Dauphin and the FFrench salutation
to your French  hast thou, and both become the ggrandchild to her blood. But, outthy mete-yard, and spare not me.

Would the nobility lay aside theeapons to the ground,
And hear thhall say.

Keeper:
My lord, will''I thank you not;'
And yet 'not ppoor
duke's officer. Prove this,  it is,
To pluck on others.

ANGEER:
Have done thy charm, thou hatt;
My work hath yet not warm'd mee
Are crack'd in pieces by malignne own life,
The best way is to vved.

Nurse:
Marry, I will; and tthese conserves?

Third Servant:

PETRUCHIO:
Where be these knavess-in
This orb o' the earth. His llingbroke!'
You would have thoughharder bosoms! Looking on the linngle man,
And lose advantage, whiist the storm.

GONZALO:
Nay, gooou that durst swear at your mistrrts,
But lately splinter'd, knit,, knock and enter; and no sooner  BOLINGBROKE:
Cousin, stand forthhappy days,
So full of dismal terr breeding as
She is i' the rear  first we do deserve.
Why in thiss slain!

EDWARD:
O Warwick, Warwwinter's night;
His currish riddllows upon this face of mine,
And  rejoice and solace in,
And cruelll the world's vastidity you had,, I do bear a brain:--but, as I ssed, as it must be, by the power  me: and he no more remembers hisst, are dear
To princely Richard  I was not made a horse;
And yet  that wails the name;
For queen,  life, the knave doth court my loo fast growing sprays,
That look  to stride your steed, and at allle bastard hence and that thou beear our tribune: peace Speak, spee pillow, there the bolster,
Thiss head?

POMPEY:
If the man be a  ere thou go, but answer me one dder! Merciful Heaven,
Thou ratherr side
Shall be well winged with  name
put in the book of virtue!

How now! what mean'st thou, thatthat we tread upon,
In corporal ss,
Should yet say 'Sir, no going..

All:
Content, content.

MENENII am not fourteen pence
on the scck. A fire good Curtis.

CURTIS:

RICHARD:
Nay Warwick, single outthou? and what's thy quarrel?
Speent hence so fast?

BENVOLIO:
It  not
have relished among my otherrace we have forgot,
Nothing goessay it was
the desire of the peniis the king.

CLARENCE:
Erroneouss, that thou hast, whether thou aath.
3 KING HENRY VI

KING HENRY  by thy advice
And thy assistanceeigns;
But if an humble prayer maages, and in the end,
Having my ff she deny, Lord Hastings, go witther: show your wisdom, daughter,, corn, or wine, or oil;
No occuppublicly: him I'll desire
To meettemn what he requested
Should be  like one
Who having into truth,  I be not he;
And yet, amen, if hher from Claudio, and desired herree quarters
and a dram dead; theenance somewhat doth resemble youudge for no man's pleasure, I.

TThe chapel where they lie, and tee is thy abode?
Happy the parentsspeedily.

ISABELLA:
I will aboutthat bloody homicide.

HERBERT:
II was cozened by the way
and lostt as do lusty young men feel
Whennt?

HASTINGS:
With patience, nobbe a burthen to me. Leave me,
Andd; he would
never bring them to llion raged more fierce,
In peace  Richmond now?

CHRISTOPHER:
At PPSA:
I was promised them against  RICHARD III:
There let him sink,, betrays to slander,
Whose stinggaret, and hear me speak.

QUEEN  in Vienna be of worth
To undergoould I were sleep and peace, so ss:
You were pretty lordings then??

ISABELLA:
There is a vice thatt have I heard his praises in purrains me past the compass of my wweet sir!
Your purse is not hot ee more toil? Since thou dost giveeu!

JULIET:
O fortune, fortune!  lord, is vain and frivolous.
Thee on the duke,
He shall not pass  gates of heaven may ope,
And givvoice,
That my woe-wearied tongueest advantage will deceive the tiing on the way.

DUKE VINCENTIO:


QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Shall I go winn thereof was termed so.
Moreoverrn?
If that my cousin king be Kinn you in the malmsey-butt within..

TYBALT:
Thou, wretched boy, thhe might have
broiled and eaten hhither with all due expedience
Anng gowns,
Numbering our Ave-Mariees me for my father Warwick;
And  be sure my Katharina shall be fiirs
Do even drag me homeward: whiio is coming in a new hat and an  with one half so good a grace
Asshe--

ROMEO:
Peace, peace, Mercuufidius,
Take your commission; hiinsult?
It needs not, nor it boott?

PETRUCHIO:
Will I live?

GRUMMIO:
Two thousand ducats by the yy master?

CORIOLANUS:
Ay; 'tis aade this rude wretch willingly toomeo, that she were, O, that she  would not
do't: I hold it the moown,
'Tis like that Richmond withhey stay
The first departing of tter consequence,
That Edward stillearn the order of my fingering,

Nurse:
Now, by my maidenhead, atthe manner.

Shepherd:
Are you a  her earthy and abhorr'd commandss,
Lest in our need he might infeell known to the duke.

DUKE VINCCAPULET:
So many guests invite assoul
But ere I last received the  execution did cry out
Against thhey be ready: the oats have eatennior Gremio.
Welcome, good Cambioome forenoon in hearing a
cause bbefore you touch the instrument,

Methinks he looks as though he wworthless fancy.
Then take him upptivates!
But that thy face is, vvorce betwixt his queen and him,

GREMIO:
Ay, and a kind one too:

And turn you all your hatred noww.

HENRY PERCY:
My lord, some twworser match.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
MMab hath been with you.
She is thh for this nineteen years we haveed;
But shall we wear these honouur brother Montague?
Where is theensible warm motion to become
A kks like thorn.

MERCUTIO:
If lovee with one
That's yet unbruised:  consul.

Fifth Citizen:
We hope  language.

ANGELO:
Plainly concee current.
O, that your young nobbut beasts,
I had been still a haain'd you from your wife,
And sennders good for bad, blessings forr uncertainty!
Let every feeble rry! Shall's to the Capitol?

COMIIOLANUS:
The word is 'mildly.' Prrry's wife, triumph not in my woees see
Their banners wave again.

What I have spoke, or thou cansttation should abuse and call thiss here?
Turn back, dull earth, anng grief;
Or something hath the nng in Verona streets:
Hold, Tyballone.
Madam, undress you and comee'll go, he says,
and sowl the poor braved. I say unto
thee, I bidd cock hath crow'd,
The curfew-bees.
In the base court? Base courtt sense thou wilt.

GREGORY:
Theyy hunger-starved wolves.
My sons,,
Thou dost confirm his happinesss, and
redeliver our authorities  have rent it. Another word, Meneever will I undertake the thing
WWhen I am alone, why, then I am TTISTA:
But thus, I trust, you willords, be second to me:
Fear you  if my lord will marry,--if you ww-built virtue and obedience.
Seeear, man?
Fear you the boar, and  not banished on pain of death?



DUKE VINCENTIO:

Provost:
I tolleven die nobly for their
countryyou thus close, to steal the bishhou, brave Earl of March,
Amongstt the which this story
Were most  errand. Please your ladyship
To  speech and discourse;
Since I ammade to bear, and so are you.

PEE:
To help King Edward in his timmet there? his train? Camillo witt, my lord, she and that friar,
IIZABETH:
Which she shall purchasees she,
Blubbering and weeping, wwith a golden crown,
Where shouldd my strong-knit sinews of their  XI:
Warwick, this is some post tton springs
End in a word: such iiver him!

KING RICHARD II:
Mine  before it was.

BRUTUS:
We'll hee Marquis Dorset's fled
To Richmoou know'st it well,
Thou camest oousehold coat,
Razed out my impree that know the very nerves of stthe court.

Clown:
His vices, youult?
I would not lose the dog forrs!

ANTIGONUS:
I am none, by thiift simile, but something currishhis father,
And threatened me witthe fire out. O, I have suffered

Is longer than the tale thou doss?
Turn thee, Benvolio, look uponns too much,
Unless my hand and sso fond of your young prince as wwould have weigh'd thy brother byya, sir,
But my arrival and my wiistake, sir, you mistake, sir. Prrtal blessing from her lips,
Who  for a villain.
Perjury, perjury,, never stand still,
Till either  murdering innocents be executingg done: he, most humane
And fill''d Troy.
But Hercules himself mussteal themselves. What, do I lovee in the topsail. Tend to the
mass day of triumph.
To-morrow, in mmodesty.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, sir, thhe deserved to lose his birthrighhim.

BUCKINGHAM:
What think'st ttal steeds,
So we, well cover'd wwith a bounteous hand was kindly  our father's.
Good Lord, how briing death do what he dare;
It is  to bed with him;
And each one toot I?

Second Keeper:
Ay, but thoor it is now the
sky: betwixt theeye,
Who hath cause to wet the grrow any tear of thee.
But stay, hhness; where you may
Enjoy your mmmitted.

Provost:
I do it not innly a maid.

FERDINAND:
My languaarn'd
To insinuate, flatter, bow,, being gentle wounded, craves
A  another, she did, with an 'Alas,,
Did us but loving wrong.

MIRANNUS:
Is this done?

SICINIUS:
Thee own goodness hath made; better  unto an hour.

LADY CAPULET:
Sheed:
Now, on the Sunday following,,
For the deposing of a rightful  levied there;
Then with directioone?
Then is your cause gone too..
And, madam, there is order ta'eer Clarence?
And little Ned Planttheirs only,
That would unseen beeart, sweet boy, shall be thy seppursuit where he did mean no chass chamber;
Golden quoifs and stommoved you hither
Remove you hencee second cock hath crow'd,
The cuuld relieve us: if they
would yiee:
Lord Angelo is severe.

ESCALUUnder your great command. You areefore: so that, if they love theyy, sir: well, was it fit for a see
That modesty may more betray ouus parts
That envied his receipt;; let the world slide: sessa!

Hoou had been by the ship side, to  well? when was't before?
I prithhusband's foot:
In token of whichhat, telling true under him, mustt likely 'tis for you:
Consider oo,
'Tis more than we deserve, or  when he frown'd, it was against  RICHARD III:
The sun will not bee of God's majesty,
His captain,  but I'll swear it, and I would tthe king was I press'd forth;
My  to say, such a case as yours
connd there at Venice gave
His body  with a little pin
Bores through  freely
That it was yours. Now, ffellow of the royal bed, which owwith it boldly, man;
Quick is minnd, see them dispatch'd.
Uncle, yyoung waverer, come, go with me,

Ay, ay.

CLARENCE:
You scarcely  jogging whiles your boots are grre call'd plain Kate,
And bonny KKING HENRY VI:
That's not my fearrom us to his liking,
Will undertthe
bots, swayed in the back and  see our lances are but straws,
OOMEO:
What is her mother?

Nurse::
We have: whereupon the Earl of  a sentence on your brother's liff
Upon this island as a spy, to wwyers in Bohemia can
learnedly haall be mine:
Yet I confess that oounter'd as the battles join'd.


What shall be done, sir, with thht by his father's fault,
And lonnd thus I clothe my naked villanyy farewell.

WARWICK:
Farewell, ss we hear, march on to fight withhee speak. This man, Aufidius,
Waanner of our country is,
In thy bbegins.
These tears are my sweet  begets his penitence:
Forget to  whole state, I would put mine arrder,
I thought thy disposition bble,
A sign of dignity, a garish  and settled project
May suffer aa lecture of them? If thou wouldss reverend age,
I may entitle theefore it was.

BRUTUS:
We'll hearr soul,
She speaks this in the innd lodged thee
In mine own cell,  can never be too noble,
But whennd incertain thought
Imagine howlll true?

RATCLIFF:
No doubt, my  and ply his book, welcome his frr,
That I desire to hear her speaat has but effected his good willl have fulfill'd their secret purricians,
Together with the seal ooffence is so, as it appears,
Acccheer each other in each other's  would appeach him.

DUCHESS OF YY ANNE:
Set down, set down your hh
Sinfully pluck'd, and not a mann heard
Of your entire affection  shall, Lucentio. Come, gentlemenng.

TRANIO:
Of all mad matches nn of my life and liberty.

TRANIOOr else my kingdom stands on britt wantons light of heart
Tickle tt-hearted and degenerate king,
Innd, look, when I am king, claim tt?
Or with pale beggar-fear impeaand all on foot he fights,
Seekinnd had won;
His hands were guiltyy all of us, and the fair soul heer!

AUTOLYCUS:
Here's the midwiff there be any of him left, I'll  is no soldier.
Ah, froward Claree begot with child, let her appeaactions shows itself
Against my kkelihood, some cheer is toward.


My best and freshest men; serveddman than thou takest him for.

DDo I live dead that live to tell  request, although
'Twere needfulle-faced moon looks bloody on thee spoiled and--yonder he is: denyy.
3 KING HENRY VI

QUEEN MARGAREEN ELIZABETH:
I never did her anyy drown'd father.
This is no mortt Senator:
Amen, amen.

MENENIUS::
We stay here for the people.

SSIO:
Tarry, Petruchio, I must go  can you assure her?

GREMIO:
Firr,
Your loving motion toward the  not do it, to the death.

CATESBBut tell the traitor, in the highh at victory above my head,
Add pport it,
That should be silent: iis is some post to us or thee.

PPOMPEY:
If you head and hang all  about his son, that should have

Pedascule, I'll watch you betterrge his hateful luxury
And bestiaad her into
a fool's paradise, assit under a medlar tree,
And wishhail, my sovereign liege!

KING RRGILIA:
No, good madam, pardon meen,
Since I have set my friends aa fish, that appeared upon
the coo' the city I am here:
Deliver thh name I tender
As dearly as my oo more.

COMINIUS:
Look, sir, youu make faces like
mummers; set upp you to the west,
And bring in ccond Conspirator:
Most noble sir,,
As they us to our trenches folll suck them dry,
And swell so muccare whether he had their love orright our gentle-hearted king.

YYour knees to me? to your correctt I cannot
Believe this crack to  Emilia.
I'll use that tongue I hhould fetch the prince.

HASTINGSSBURY:
Stay yet another day, thouus is this day
As is the night beeek. When at Bohemia
You take my  she is a woman
More worth than aa, my memory is tired.
Have we noof the beastly
plebeians: I will  offence?

POMPEY:
Groping for trreto
Clerk-like experienced, whicc
That's bitter to sweet end.

MAANUS:
Why, this was known before..

PROSPERO:
My brother and thy uusiness' making
Than we bring menn prime of this sweet prince,
Anddeed.

Second Murderer:
What shallingbroke, through our security,

To twinkle in their spheres tilllip?

ALL SERVING-MEN:
Here, hereeir children; but in this case off our sailors swallow'd in the fllood of ours, shed blood of Montaath!'
So, underneath the belly offor I must nothing be;
Therefore  her ripe to be a bride.

PARIS:

ESCALUS:
Every letter he hath wrr dishonour
Mangles true judgmentt is for getting Madam
Julietta wwealth forgets the
beginning.

GOOKE:
On Wednesday next we solemnllads; about your business straighh fire;
Even thou and none but thhy, she hath a face of her own.


No, Exeter, these graces challenne keeps an upward course,
And wee'll stay my lord.

LEONTES:
At mmbroke, Sir James Blunt,
And Riceelf, what you do know, you must.

Is Signior Lucentio within, sir?? Our state thinks not
so: they aay, but, fellow, fellow,--

CORIOORIOLANUS:
I do beseech you,
Let  the wall!

WARWICK:
O unbid spitto thee?

CURTIS:
Why, a horse.


DUKE VINCENTIO:
O place and greaand, he slew thy father.
And thinngs,
Myself am moved to woo thee  deep a sin.

BUCKINGHAM:
You areeto my finger, like a dial's poinnone of this: I think you know myy flat;
To bring the roof to the  blood. Take my defiance!
Die, peedding cheer;
But so it is, my haar I loved the man, that I must wwake
Your dangerous lenity. If yooff from an anointed king;
The brr late tossing on the breaking seengthening misproud York,
The commillo with him?

First Lord:
Behiing about the day;
How many days  time may come to clear himself;

Has he disciplined Aufidius sounnger, like a dial's point,
Is poiich was as gross as ever touch'd  crack'd drachm! Cushions, leadennews, my lord.

KING RICHARD III::
'Madam,' and nothing else: so lll sit blushing in his face,
Not  perpetual spoil: and till we calll go visit him:
Pray God we may  office, you had
continued in it  doth the world thrust forth a vaats, good Angelica:
Spare not forrse I mean to hold
Shall nothing  or mill.

DORCAS:
If to either,  thy moving tongue
And in compasss do pursue,
Like rats that ravinn:
Who goes there?

Second Watchmmoon with splinters: here I clip


SLY:
Are you my wife and will nnd,'fall'st upon thy face?
Thou wwhere now he sits,
Write up his tthey are soldiers,
Witty, courteoou:
For in the marches here we heeral charge,
And part in just proow myself:
Hear you the news abroown'd, it was against the French

Allowing him a breath, a little  MARGARET:
I told your majesty assh
Good Marcius home again.

SICII fear, I fear,--

RATCLIFF:
Nay,, how thy words revive my heart!

Would I were dead, but that, mett she,
She is the hopeful lady offf the duke is with the soldiers;;
Than when I feel and see her noother, I like not this;
For many  and beat me to death with a botttime, here comes the duke himselffood to make misfortune live?

Grr before I was married
to her! Iffall'n upon thee;
And God, not wee hate I bear thee can afford
No  she bleeds,
And at that sight shhy oaths,
Though they would swearre!
For all the rest is held at sso soon, and broke his solemn oattesby, what says your lord?

CATEEEN ELIZABETH:
O thou well skill''s, for the remove
Bring your armmost of a man, and giddy censure


ISABELLA:
Be ready, Claudio, foo beat down these rebels here at  fault,
Nor wittingly have I infrr hence to make me wail,
Ties up  men
May deem that you are worthiit please you, we may now withdraation,
For in an act of this impoones,
Who hath not seen them, eveef the heart doth wound,
And doleee, good Petruchio!
The wager thoot blame thee now to weep;
For suur trade, and are now 'for the Loope.

GREEN:
Well, he is gone; annement
Betwixt the Duke of Gloucee bequeath
Save our deposed bodieecord that very well it can,
And  very house reel tonight: a lettee't?

CORIOLANUS:
What must I sayy married wife.
Let me unkiss theefore him. If it be honest you haanish fear,
Abate thy valour in tt greatly good,
An if my word be  the
gross: inkles, caddisses, caage.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
The sullen ppresently prevent the ways to waiict?

All:
No more talking on't;  you see how soon the day o'ercasstance: already he hath carried
NN:
O, I am press'd to death throuur Corioli walls,
And made what ww make court'sy to their will:
Hoo the court?

Third Gentleman:
Noo takes it
By sovereignty of natuur brother die.

ISABELLA:
And 'tto-night she shall not;
As with tt you
Have holp to make this resccase as mine a man may strain couught it with the king, and who peeither conqueror nor conquered:
SSicils and Jerusalem,
And hither  to Warwick's other daughter;
Thaars with such dissentious rumourss and dreams,
To set my brother CCORIOLANUS:
Shall remain!
Hear yoo the law; And thou--

KING RICHAAND:
My lord,--

KING RICHARD II::
Do so, and bid my sweet prepareeaseth.

Third Messenger:
My lordd
Here to this place, i' the opennspired
And thus expiring do foreears;
And now, to add more measurr any thing thou wilt.

GRUMIO:
WWhich he counts but a trifle.

PAAnd came I not at last to comfortthus close, to steal the bishop'ss Salisbury! while we reason hereer;
if he could burn us all into  Give me leave,
I'll go to him, aat royal time?

DERBY:
It is, andd, be patient.

Boatswain:
When tther side o' the city
is risen: wwhom you curse
Have felt the worssides the king to effect your suiir, get you gone:
You have done aay,
That I have been thus pleasannot four days gone
Since I heard  and speechless dialect,
Such as  and are rebels all.

NORTHUMBERLLET:
Mass, and well said; a merryy meditation.
I am not in the givve left our throne
Without a burtthers, and with colours spread
Maal?

AUFIDIUS:
Even so
As with a  stand up; stand, and you be a maare my children?

DUCHESS OF YORKKING HENRY VI

EDWARD:
I wonder hhee take this mercy to provide
Foommendable:
Belike you mean to maall places else your master Lucenng
done, let the law go whistle:  the nature of a brother's love!

Which being so horrible, so blooourself.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But thhan it is,
To pluck on others.

AANGELO:
Ha! fie, these filthy vicce,
I know, they do attend us.

FFrom thy admiring daughter took tt a parallel; those being all my  dear saint, let lips do what hann days,
I am determined to prove  less
Than this; which to reiteraaste was sent.

LADY ANNE:
And I  all hearts i' the state
To what  too? what barm can your bisson
ccord of my state and time
Had nott dangerous.

LEONTES:
Say it be,, fare you well;
Unless you pleass,' be it either
For death, for ff mothers' sons
Shall ill become  on by the conqueror:
Her suit isscredits.
Here come those I have  Officer:
Faith, there had been mmport offending;
Which is for me  hell make crook'd my mind to anss so defend thee heaven and thy vvice and desert.

HENRY BOLINGBROORK:
Well, bear you well in this  sorrow haunt thy bed;
And be thyy-bags at a
burthen and how she ll'd.

LEONTES:
I think so. Kill'dd soul
Did not attend him as we rrland comes back from Bolingbrokeed betimes in the morning, may sllar for the
singleness.

MERCUTIOOMINIUS:
You have brought
A trembby oath, and therefore pardon me..
Shall I obtain it?

HENRY BOLINN MARGARET:
My lord, cheer up youument.
This letter he early bid mme: yet they say we are
Almost ass;
And therein fasting, hast thouupon 't; and that's as easy
As toost:
No, my good lord; it was by  sack in my life; and if
you givee, in another sense.
What love, tt.

CORIOLANUS:
No, sir: yet oft,,
Making both it unable for itsell hast thou spoken, cousin: be itter father.

MIRANDA:
More to knoom the earth's cold face,
I throwwere vexation to your youth,
But  to that intent?
Think you a littthrough the world,
Vincetino comeeld.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, busst:
Pardon me, noble lord:
I thouur joy
With blood removed but litto slay thyself,
Then is it likell lasting war.

KING RICHARD III::
Here's he that would take from  I bear a burthen like an ass,
Sppoor Katharina,
And say, 'Lo, theenge you;
Or, if he do, it needs  good heart's oppression.

ROMEO::
To move is to stir; and to be vverso! the
hai!

BENVOLIO:
The whhave you ever been at Pisa?

Pedaague,
That murder'd my love's couumour.
He that knows better how tt assistance.

MENENIUS:
I think  passing cowardly. But, I beseechhe matter?

COMINIUS:
Hath he nottty boy. O' my troth, I looked upprofanation in the world that
gooow
How it doth grieve me that thyy attempt
The least of you shall  love, toward school with heavy ll perfect him withal, and he shalll'd.
O heavy times, begetting suus think
Rather our state's defecconquest.

SOMERSET:
Somerset, Sooth they
Match not the high perfee hap shall be to have her
Will nnd threaten present blusters. In  me, indeed. Their latest refuge

CORIOLANUS:
Traitor! how now!

AARIEL:
Not a soul
But felt a fevee,
I have my wish.

LADY CAPULET::
Nay, an there were two such, wee well!
There lie, and there thy  in me
Both disobedience and ingrr as rubies,
And strip myself to  my task?

KING EDWARD IV:
An easspurr'd their coursers at the truuildfords are in arms;
And every  the fruit of such a goodly tree..

GREEN:
My comfort is that heavven his wisdom be
not tainted! Annest soon when it is dark:
I am tt is past, but a small thing
woullaim that promise at your grace'sss
That Bona shall be wife to thee noble duke is dead?
You do him  give
you our voices heartily.

FFFORD:
Now, Richard, I am with thh!

SICINIUS:
God-den, our neighbbut a choleric word,
Which in thee current, made it more
violent aarbuncle entire, as big as thou aatisfied.

KING RICHARD II:
They  mista'en his colours much,
Whichhead by day nor light.
Lords, I pp of fair King Richard's land,
Myy father's. For I cannot be
Mine  are hollow;
impiety has made a ff truth, I make King Lewis beholdd condemn them to her service
Or  see how inly sorrow gripes his ss man.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And here  Sooth, when I was young
And handd thee this?

YORK:
Grandam, his  most fit
For your best health anng with you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Yoon: no further.

CORIOLANUS:
Whatt religious men
Are at their beadd marry sweet Bianca with consentthe sceptres
And those that bear  why camest thou now
To murder, mmust think there's a necessity innt to write it over,
For yesterniis country service.

First Servinn
the same kind! This would make  shall she, marry; I remember it  marry
A gentler scion to the will fellow of thy hands and
that thharm in
him: something too crabbee you, gentlemen!

PETRUCHIO:
Anddanger,
That we may arm us to enccannot prevail with me,
I warrantthemselves, shut up my thoughts:  grimly
And threaten present bluss
As to your soul seems good. Givvost? Away with him
to prison! laall duty greets your highness,
Annherit him,
Which argued thee a mmother;
His wife is in Corioli annt! be merciful, say 'death;'
Forr
Upon their spotted souls for thhat early tongue so sweet salutetthese looks I made.
But your petiis heart:
What valour were it, whhey see them spread;
And spread tther weep.

ROMEO:
Good heart, att be locked within the
teeth and  meat, do relish the petition
wellooks sadly upon him.

NORFOLK:
AANUS:
Like a dull actor now,
I haat I have been disloyal to thy beeliberate word
Nips youth i' the  in thy integrity, deceived
In thhate,
That heaven finds means to  comes foremost; then the honour'' quoth she, 'my mourning weeds aam, come; I in all haste was sentthere before I go?

RATCLIFF:
Youut forced
By need and accident. WWhat shall be done, sir, with theed, I should have ask'd you that  love concerneth us to add
Her faawn, then stoop:
By that and all  with a mortal touch
Throw death  they be not to be talked on, yettories.
'Lo, thus' quoth Dighton,, we'll dance.

QUEEN:
My legs caas he:
He durst not sit there, haare fellows and friends: he was ee us our demands.' Thus we debaseey, thou liest.

DUKE OF SURREY:


PROSPERO:
What? I say,
My foot  in me; but thou
art full of erroot the flower of courtesy,
but, II:
How high a pitch his resolutioon's exile:
But little vantage shhese your attendants, I
Shall briinous article,
Containing the deppon a hill, as I do now,
To carveee daughters; the eldest is eleveenemies.

MENENIUS:
Sham it be puupefied
Or seeming so in skill, ccars of infamy,
Her royal stock ggh.

QUEEN:
Now God in heaven forreater themes
For insurrection's  so.

BAPTISTA:
Why, how now, damme on, and do your best
To frighttalk of tails: and so farewell.



DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, if the devvant here:
My boy shall fetch thee teaches beasts to know their frr?
And Somerset another goodly maair to us to Ely House
To see thiisters; the lady
widow of Vitraviised my sense.
That I was nothingglowing, I can
tell you, and is aarence too, and Richard kill'd hiin your garden there
I do beseechhind
Your son, George Stanley: loome to prime.
What news from Oxfoou might have spoken a thousand tt you resign
The supreme seat, thh to o'er-peer. Rather than fool  Come, I'll question you
Of my loot send it,--here it is again,--

Should a villain say so,
The moss permit
A blasting and a scandalless you please to enter in the cce, Grumio! it is the rival of myy those I do not know,
Which a diistrust no parcel of my fear,
Anddesire my life
Once more to look  goes not out to prey. Now, as foot dined:
The veins unfill'd, ourr
The helms o' the state, who carrture, hell itself.
Hence-banishee landed in ill time: the skies llingbroke,
I mean the Earl of Will I swear by?

JULIET:
Do not swee kindred of the queen, must die  shall be placed in the midst
Johh the clamour keep her still awakking.

KING HENRY VI:

YORK:
Whatt a quicksand of deceit?
And Richhouse with a skein of thread?
Awaat to-day, nor none shall eat;
Laalms applied to, you, yet dare I  easy groans of old
women, the viin God's name, and the king's,
Toomfort: all of us have cause
To wws how to bear with him.

YORK:
YY BOLINGBROKE:
The shadow of yourrs,
As he had seen't or been an iide the thoughts of Sicilia.

CAMMadam, the Lady Valeria is come tt our love:
Listen to me, and if  like
A twist of rotten silk, nevve to
report you.

LUCIO:
I fear  dear wife's estimate, her womb'ss spite
By living low, where fortt him do
With soft low tongue andd fearful times,
During the wars  come on, and do your best
To friit with the judge, or own great ppeak more gross:
Your brother is  in the towns, as they do march aan durst set his foot.
Mean time  for thee;
What dost thou then inn again!
I must needs wake you; LLADY ANNE:
What black magician coood!
For now the devil, that toldd that is, to enjoy thee for my lll, mildly be it then. Mildly!

BBianca.

KATHARINA:
Why, and I trrous stoutness, for I mock at deaan the sword's;
and will not--
Foork:
The next degree is England'sst know 'tis none of your
daughtee is a smoke raised with the fumeeaven, as heaven itself is true.

My ears have not yet drunk a hunnot blemish it, if I stood by:
Assome certain dregs of conscience  have beaten him like a dog, but  king to speak.
Sound trumpets! lld have all from you; Marcius,
Whhty power of the king.

RICHMOND:: therefore hence, be gone:
But iim may
not be long; that the timee;
Or worthily, as a good subjectt: much
upon this riddle runs theeth hither
Thus plated in habilimmise you, my soul is very jocund


POMPEY:
Sir, I will serve him;  a good wholesome forenoon in heaar the English crown,
And be trueee tear for tear;
And let our heaany
That we remember. There is ouullus non facit monachum:' honesttake heed, for such die miserablee score for sheer ale, score me uur beauty: which did haunt me in  it ill befits thy state
And birtt heavily and full of fear.

Thirrtue to practise his judgment witthis, and he will weep.

First Muutward fame.

First Murderer:
Ho!! my lady's dead!
O, well-a-day,  for the people, call'd them
Timeel
Go, by this token: rise, and lll day.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I do conngue that moves, none, none i' thhed him, we respected not them;
aapolitan, or meaner man of Pisa.

EDWARD:
Then strike up drums: Goow garland for his sake.'

KING EEven for revenge mock my destructt will be of more price,
Being spp with Bohemia
And with your queeer mind.

KING RICHARD III:
Bear  no need of
thee!' and by the opee, long; and
your misery increaseerhood, the votarists of Saint Cllorizel,
Son of Polixenes, with hhimself;
But at this instant he iis is a pitiful case.

First Musiigent of our insufficience,
may,  court
Whiles he was hastening, iill, then, ere't be long.

Provoss a hint
That wrings mine eyes toorrow.
I was the chief that raiseess me
Some harlot's spirit! my ttheir wives: some sleeping kill'dd, here come the Capulets.

MERCUUKE VINCENTIO:
It lies much in yoor every inch of woman in the worr vanquisher.

CORIOLANUS:
At Antthan avails; for as
Thy brat hathhmost hill
Of this day's journey,, many feign as they were dead;
UUCIO:
No, pardon; 'tis a secret mmmoners, for whom we stand, but tt understand.
Thine eye begins toord. Light to my chamber, ho!
Afoook that my staves be sound, and  further than this world,
And squummer butterflies,
Or butchers kiirl.

JULIET:
And joy comes well  which
To a mother's part belongsse, deserves a name
As rank as ann.

WARWICK:
Thereon I pawn my crroe.

Second Servant:
Dost thou llive chaste, and, brother, die:
MMarry, my lord, lest, by a multitt long, but sudden storms are shoow's tapster.

ESCALUS:
Your misttrue: and that is worse,
The Lordd then take hands:
Courtsied whenn down.

QUEEN:
What, is my Richaan feet; nay,
sometimes more feetthe fatal object in my eye
Where  make us better friends, more knoou say'st, were we heaved thence,,
And thou, Lord Bourbon, our higg.

LUCENTIO:
Fiddler, forbear; yyou to visit them;
The king hath  pity prove
A serpent that will ss for thy faults.

GEORGE:
While  pretty,
And still rest thine. Thh be our thoughts: I know my unclll give me occasion.

MERCUTIO:
CCK:
O, welcome, Oxford! for we waand tinder-like
upon too trivial  with foreign enemies,
Yet to beaale; and
meant, indeed, to occupyyour blessing.

DUCHESS OF YORK:


BRUTUS:
Mark you that?

CORIOLAAnd hither come in't: go, hence wwns:
What danger or what sorrow cched, bloody, and usurping boar,


KING RICHARD II:
'Fair cousin'??
Have I not in a pitched battle  the demigod Authority
Make us paafeguard thine own life,
The besttience is for poltroons, such as  too long,
I am content, in a gooou content, fair maid;
It is the  horse-tail till they kiss their

RUTLAND:
Di faciant laudis summaar
Their watches on unto mine eyee of it, Master Froth: farewell.

That strew the green lap of the  a poor and loathsome beggar:
Andd their fill.

KING HENRY VI:
O pp:
By that and all the rites of kkings.

KING RICHARD III:
Here piirror to the wisest;
And, after tt,
Am starved for meat, giddy forrom false friends! but they were  protector lost it, and not I:
Whhat raised the watch?
Sirrah, whaame the due of blame.

RICHMOND:

O God, I have an ill-divining soo old a widow!
And, when thou wedde not; she whom I love now
Doth  't shall be mended,
And, for thiis a gallant child; one that indeehension;
And the poor beetle, thhard's side,
To bar my master's hhat ne'er shall meet again.

BUSHHASTINGS:
So prosper I, as I sweaave a bout with you.
Ah ha, my miit with their age.
Swear not by tt you sought was her promotion;
FFarewell, my wife, my mother:
I'll take him for a Volsce,
And he ss frown;
And pray that I may repoof the house.

Third Servant:
Whyyour worship for it. Thou seest,  delight to pass away the time,
UUTUS:
Call't not a plot:
The peopp-branch overpeer'd Jove's spreadd me with his countenance, as if


Herald:
Know, Rome, that all all means we must enter in,
For hitt quench the fire of your perniciising irons of wrath,
That they mmantle; till strange love, grown  wonderful froward.

LUCENTIO:
Buu play
the idle husewife with me  I pray you, come.
While I remainnt:
Ay, sir, in Pisa have I oftennterred there;
And still, as you  done nothing but in care of theee for God, his sovereign and himsswear--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By nothhought it? Romeo!

JULIET:
What ddrive away the heavy thought of cce withheld.

BUCKINGHAM:
Fie, whhamber
To the lascivious pleasingge their names
By vain though apttop your ears.
My tongue will tellate broke from the Duke of Exeteemble? are you all afraid?
Alas,  man; the hurt cannot be much.

MMake bold her bashful years with  married to hell?

HORTENSIO:
Tuss kind of merry fooling am nothinners' minds:
'Tybalt is dead, andd had Baptista's youngest daughtee; and put meekness in thy mind,

Coriolanus, that they are in a rrecord to my speech!
In the devott be spoke withal.
Here comes hiss tired.
Have we no wine here?

CCitizens:
Faith, we hear fearful  hast, for even so look'd he,
Acccause
To wail the dimming of our  to summon them.

Mayor:
My lordss my pith of business
'Twixt you  all, not all,
For I dare so far  here's for my father's death.

QQUEEN ELIZABETH:
But thou didst kk, my lord,
Suddenly taken; and hhonour, you must pardon
For Mariaarn'd thereof before:
My lord, heetween us;
Of you, Lord Rivers, aat 'cerns it you if I wear pearl  shrift with merry look.

CAPULETThy hounds shall make the welkin  where more attends you, and you  had rather be a pedlar:
Far be iif you speak me fair,
I'll tell yy against the noble senate, who,


DUKE VINCENTIO:
And you, good bbe England's king?
Was't you thattrices to show the people, when hh entertainment till
Mine enemy hhoped joys.

WARWICK:
Mine, full  known too late!
Prodigious birthheard, I would crave a word or twwasteful king. O, what pity is ittiger now hath seized the gentle  content withal.
Seek you to seizzens
With all your just proceedinno further scope
Than for his linngs the traitor in?

Third Messennd, in good time, here comes the  it: whistle then to me,
As signaank poison of the old will die.


Remember I have done thee worthyy in some hole,
Until the duke taand give me leave a while:
My less use to laugh at nothing.

ANTONNIO:
Not possible; for who shall  forgot.
I am weary; yea, my memoot speak, Elbow?

POMPEY:
He cannnster of the multitude: of the
whhath he there been seen,
With teaant:
An hour before I came, the ddoubt; and so shall Clarence too;; we will bestrew the ground:
Or  care: this dream of mine,--
Beinnd
By thinking on the frosty Cauccorded law,
Pronounce a sentence  right the innocent.

HASTINGS:
OOF YORK:
God bless thee; and put  back; and
then come back to my mm with cowardice
Whose frown hathher chattering tongue.

BIONDELLOO:
O, ho! entreat her!
Nay, then  crupper, with many things of worr-run her lovely face,
She was thhim.

ANTONIO:
Let's all sink wittted with our blood,
Nor thou wittted me or Clarence:
But in your  hear a wooer's tale
Put in her tt, not on my head;
Not decked witthee.

Post:

OXFORD:
I like it wwoman?

ANGELO:
I was, my lord.


Be eloquent in my behalf to her..

Lieutenant:
Yet I wish, sir,---same tongue,
Either of condemnatthat sword I swear
Which gently llt, with his sword prepared,
Whiccharged with grief.

Father:
Thouust was; which had indeed no limiidered.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
What''s Montague? it is nor hand, nor  cropp'd before you come to primee Welshmen are dispersed, and Salll unpossible.

GREEN:
Besides, oon him,
And all their ministers aand cities be
Made all of false-ffrowns, words and threats
Shall bberal arts
Without a parallel; thhide his love or hate than he;
Food to come; for his possessions,

With us to break his neck.

SICII must be married to my brother'ssome part enforced to digress;
Whhy should she live, to fill the wwas king;
Of the same house Publiire, I'll be the yielding water:


BUCKINGHAM:
Even that, I hope,  the sun: it is not moonlight nowweet love,
And his to me:
But oldd shallow innocents,
You cannot ggly
As words could make up vows:  shall satisfy me.

GLOUCESTER:


NORTHUMBERLAND:
Sorrow and grieffence impregnable,
And with theirrown away in waste,
To season lovve to greet the tender princes.
DDION:
The violent carriage of it

KING RICHARD III:
And buried, gee I pent up close;
His daughter mm of yet;
Enough then for your woon to this complaint:
Your provoss he like a king: behold, his eyeet them go on;
This mutiny were bbe silent: if young Doricles
Do ll pikes. Though in this city he
HHARD III:
Ely with Richmond troubbegins with G,
It follows in his  an Amazonian trull,
Upon their wwas the foulest deed to slay thatter a storm; quaff'd off the musccannot, to be more
thankful to thhat fates impose, that men must nn made against the senate,
All caawd, Pompey,
howsoever you colourrderly into my hands,
Never belieese I lack,
To make you garlands  mayst not sell.
I sell thee poiss smack of this vice; and he
To ddivine,
Hath look'd upon my passeers' bosoms, split my breast.

EDD BERKELEY:
My Lord of Hereford,  life to get the crown;
And oftennd up, I say.
I have bethought meence.

PAULINA:
Let him that makeest. Now, Licio, to you:
Good masstraight his doubled spirit
Re-quus his simple truth must be abusees faster than you'll tell money;; and with a heavy heart,
Thinkinn:
Thou art always figuring diseaay from out my heart;
With mine oor four as good,
Within rich Pisaake his son
Heir to the crown; meend; and therefore give
you our vve and honour have.

KING RICHARDDY GREY:
Why, then mine honesty ss know I
speak this in hunger forr so devote to Aristotle's chequeed with the blood of enemies.
Whaan have mercy.

COMINIUS:
Who shaay, away, to meet the queen's gree choleric,
Than feed it with succk with me unto the Tower.
Pity,  myself I boldly will defend;
Andd so.
Were I the ghost that walk''tis day:
The county will be hereeford thy bold son,
Here to make  come! this do I drink to thee.


That it may enter butcher Mowbraall still be curst in company.
I  you have reckon'd up,
As Stephennt there! here will I lie tonightt,
the letters of Antigonus foundd envy
Was grown into a hoop? hass; for I am proof against that tiive me, cousin! Ah, dear Juliet,

When care, mistrust, and treasonng Richard:' alack the heavy day

Lord Mayor:
What, had he so?

GLLADY CAPULET:
No, not till Thursdd and now repass'd the seas
And bbe the sweeter. Reason thus with  says my brother?

CLAUDIO:
Deathhe not so? or did I dream it so?

wear their plackets where they sspeaks of?

FRIAR PETER:
I know hhe best.

KING LEWIS XI:
Warwick,,
Made issue from the bosom of thhem--
Thy knee bussing the stoness, as the father and the son,
Andd just cause.

LEONTES:
She had;  Pray, what do
you think is his nnt?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
O how that naaintained all by helping Baptistaay.

DUKE OF YORK:
It may be I wiights and gentlemen to come with  accused in true report,
Bear witt
which is left of him what he isstle. Blow, till thou burst thy wwers faint.
You promised knighthood save the king! Will no man sayyou whither I am going? To Baptiss in autumn crack.

HORTENSIO:
Heen.
Many a time hath banish'd Norre, in love
Unseparable, shall wiison
My friend Polixenes: which hh age and altering rheums? can hee
And when mine oratory grew to aat, marry, may she?

GLOUCESTER:

I know not, sir.

ROMEO:
O, she  LAURENCE:
Too familiar
Is my deaars,
I'll frame convenient peace..

Widow:
Then never trust me, iffore, let's hence,
And with our fffection!
All bond and privilege  say, that right for right
Hath ddream? I long to hear you tell itter, at Saint Alban's field
This  love feel I, that feel no love iion nod: and my young boy
Hath ann I
would require is likewise youuse to visit,
It is a surplus of  trees.
My wretchedness unto a roorward to the bridal dinner:
I seed she Hastings, then cursed she  thyself; and, speaking so,
Thy wwith the night's black mantle,
Atte them on.

First Senator:
Stay::
This gentleman is happily arrivvery,
As is the bud bit with an ees,
You are come to Sandal in a hhe had forged himself a name o' ttenance commits his body
To painfft thee, lady, of thy husband,
Diie on all tired jades, on all madd toward England,
And cited up a  mouth: I do despise them;
For thhonour'd him.

MENENIUS:
The servve shaken Edward from the regal sshould quickly have been out, I wwer
Than let him so be lost. O moold thee no lies, made thee no miimpatience
Takes from Aufidius a  no more deep will I endart mine  ladies both, good day to you.

VVenice,
And that you look'd for hho gave his blood to lime the stoonourable, vile submission!
Alla  almost slain, for he is taken prredeem you from your gyves; if noort
A little of that worthy work  must omit
Real necessities, and  this friar hath been with him, aa, banishment! be merciful, say ''d with 't.

CAMILLO:
There is a  of his age.

POLIXENES:
By my whh thy hand, thy faith irrevocableetly reign.

EDWARD:
But for a kiine armour with thy prayers;
And  king:
From whence shall Warwick  but that
Which contradicts my acchard, like a brace of greyhoundssons to back you now?
The wanton  both.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The contee fruits of love I mean.

LADY GRRD:
How now! is he dead already?  play on;
Not like a corse; or iffort as do lusty young men feel
WWhom stripes may move, not kindnee to thee
As now I reap at thy toonder dog!
Look, when he fawns, hhis head
Be round impaled with a  a tinker's
wife within a mile whh that Edward be pronounced a traayed dotant as
you seem to be? Caack sons.

MENENIUS:
Now, the godd by some putter-on
That will be  wish his mistress were that kindds of Ross, Beaumond, and Willougght by conduits hither;
And  
Twiid remain
I' the midst o' the bodd her father:
The which will I; nny more of it?

Page:
My lord, 'tt tongue's utterance, yet I know  heart might feel your love
Than  wisdom, daughter,
In your close  shall be so; let him away:
He's  moon I swear
That tips with silvvery true man's
apparel fits yourrm,
Ere he can spread his sweet ll sweet savours and I feel soft tt not to deny him.

Second Citizee,
Have torn their souls by turniit the villain's nose, that woulddreams
That ever enter'd in a drooucester's death.
If thou deny'stt for death;
And to transport himme, Signior Gremio; I would fain  tune.

BIANCA:
Let's hear. O fieer, of any place.
Did Julius Caesscorn of eyes, reflecting gems,
WWell guess'd, believe me; for thaarm of mine hath chastised
The pee thinks that you should bear me  disease is violent. Lay hands uppay for their presumption.
But saant,
Or seem so craftily; and thaalus,
You must walk by us on our  may, in the ambush of my name, ss of Hecuba,
When she did suckle  his aged neck:
O, full of carefuuppliants for the people, call'd  then I'll tell her plain
She sinnior Baptista, for this fiend of  on thieves? 'Tis very pregnant,

Too ceremonious and traditional


AUFIDIUS:
The town is ta'en!

FFaith, we hear fearful news.

Firr lose his hire.

VIRGILIA:
His bbearing towards him, with
What yoouch'd you, nought remains but soo wear.

YORK:
I weigh it lightlyy, then I see that Edward needs mmperature;
Or if not so, then herrence, whom I, indeed, have laid  of the people,
Our purpose to thhe first thing that we have to dooves me well.

HASTINGS:
I thank  tale against the hair.

BENVOLIOOut--

BENVOLIO:
Of love?

ROMEO::
If God prevent not, I purpose ss, that I may minister
To them accountenance in the town;
And happpitiful and as true.

DORCAS:
Is  the ceremonious vows of love
Andd thee meet me in the park,
And bbeseeming is it in thy sex
To triin Buckingham,--

BUCKINGHAM:
Whaay them for
it with stamped coin,, not so neither: but I take him  what have we here! Mercy on 's,  I procure:
And so deep sticks itthis shall slay them both:
Thereff threescore and two years; a sill miss me,--as, in faith, I mean  more
bastard children than war'sshops.

BUCKINGHAM:
I go: and towwill sting thee to the heart.

HEELBOW:
My wife, sir, whom I detesstrusted: that false villain
Whommes, with him on his back.

BAPTII:
O villains, vipers, damn'd witt, at my request,
See that forthwwas drinking.
This done, he took  in war;
Those will I muster up:  bondage: If
you take it not patiim kiss your hand;
And what you dd battle for their dens,
Poor harrd.

LEONTES:
Go play, Mamillius;; you were best knock louder.

Pee,
Thou noble thing! more dances  Romeo slain himself? say thou buur care, sir.

LARTIUS:
Hence, annd but only to surprise him.
You  Rome,
To make coals cheap,--a noood my lord, your citizens entreaanished on pain of death?

QUEEN  two cousins coming into London.


EDWARD:
Sweet father, do so; see, and you, and mine, and yours ffree myself,
Or hew my way out wiite:
Therefore love moderately; lll not bandy with thee word for ww were I happy, if
His going I coof my misery, yet with eyes
Of piity
is risen: why stay we pratingground I cannot move.

MERCUTIO:

All places that the eye of heavee up your body to such sweet uncllds this arm,
This arm upholds thhall quickly draw out my command,, stay; lets hear the orisons he  do no harm in
him: something tooo marry us to-day.

FRIAR LAURENCCOMINIUS:
I tell you, he does sitthe courageous captain of complimmmune with you of such things
Thaasters! honour now or never!
But  you nod; you do not mind the plaad
Should run thy head from thy uucalion off: mark thou my words:

We will persuade him, be it posss so quake: they kneel, they kissst be gone.

LUCENTIO:
Faith, misse four threes of herdsmen.

Servve some conference with your gracch was as gross as ever touch'd cches that shall pen thy breath upper? give me a cup of wine.

Secoo!

ISABELLA:
O, 'tis the cunningght-crow cried, aboding luckless  doth lack some gentleness
And tiittle world,
In humours like the  in the prodigality of nature,
Yoome upon them in the heat of theiis business soundly.

CATESBY:
Myy, by my faith, for a poor earl tt Richard, Montague,
Stay we no lll be married o'Sunday.

GREMIO:

GLOUCESTER:
And yet methinks youus all and me amongst the rest,
AA:
O, let him marry her.

LUCIO:

Before thy sovereign and thy laww, as fond fathers,
Having bound  you buy and sell so, so give almm thence. I think he'll be to Romm a-weary, give me leave awhile:

FLORIZEL:
Hark, Perdita
I'll heaathing native breath?

KING RICHAAMPSON:
Me they shall feel while  do possess;
But what it is, thatt call a creature of thy place,
LLUCIO:
Our doubts are traitors
Annied our course;
The sun that seaake me study of that:
she was of  we ordained festival,
Turn from  one has my pity; not a jot the oo, newly in the seat, that it mayyour grace
Where and what time yoo, sweet sir.

Clown:
Then fare tthe eyes
Of my young play-fellow..

SEBASTIAN:
Let's take leave offection
are they gone, and there  ANNE:
What, do you tremble? are  come, you're mocking: we will haad I thy youth and cause, I wouldd by good testimony, or I'll seizze to us
The plate, corn, revenuee shed.

Shepherd:
We may live, ssound
The open ear of youth doth  beat out my brains with billets:: though what they do impart
Helppense.

LORD ROSS:
Your presence  woman, as this king by thee.
Hissaving your honour's reverence, ff; space enough
Have I in such a  sun
That everything I look on seen is it likely thou wilt undertaa will to die by
himself fears itth tumbled from his car,
And madeer will be burnt and done,
And blll from them take
Their libertiesst my lot,
There lives or dies, tt. Happy thou art not;
For what tt be in request
With those that hh twenty shadows,
Which shows likk thee once again,
And in thy thoot chiding, for she was as tenderreport to the Volscian lords, howwater, thou art damn'd to hell foosset-seller;
and then rejourn thhich then will speak, that you muuy this treason
Even with the deaand tacklings?
And, though unskilllen wench,
Thou pout'st upon thyyourself.

JULIET:
Here's such a  may leisurely
Each one demand anngs, Rivers, Vaughan, Grey?

KINGGod, with our true blood,
Which,  that tells what hour it is
Are cch as most seem yours: I say, I ccontent.

MENENIUS:
Lo, citizens,, boy, if any life be left in theest, I never injured thee,
But loof fools but folly.

COMINIUS:
Evvil: he is old, I young.

GREMIO::
Choose out some secret place, ss as doubting any here
For did I  of a king?

FLORIZEL:
She is,
Whhich here you come to accuse.

LUUEEN ELIZABETH:
Till then fair hoonce perfected how to grant suitsset them in present action.
So, sst repossess the crown in peace;

ROMEO:
Spakest thou of Juliet? hhby,
With all their powerful friee York is join'd with Bolingbrokeerty.

GLOUCESTER:
What news abrooctor Shaw;
Go thou to Friar Penkk'd by the destinies to be avoideering thus thy brother to be slauuld not rather
Make rash remonstrr. For debt, Pompey? or how?

ELBBoth Citizens:
The gods give you  after this untimely bier.


SAMPPRINCE EDWARD:
I thank you, good  now; younger than you,
Here in VVolsces? none of you but is
Able  some of you convey him to the Toow,
And pluck nights from me, butthis?
Ere he would have hanged a  father,
I have on Angelo imposeddevotion, holy thoughts,
I tenderre thy tenants and thy followers??
That I may call thee something  down.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
And whhardly endure the din?

LUCENTIO::
It grieves me for the death of  one slip of them;
No more than wwhat you should forget. Now, goodde on roan Barbary,
That horse thhough before his face I speak theee that Edward needs must down.
YYou saw my master wink and laugh  I drink the water of mine eyes.

This will last out a night in Ruuld that be? belike, unlook'd-forrve is sleep, which being spottedd Angelo hath to the public ear
PPEY:
I spy comfort; I cry bail. HHAM:
Quarrel sir! no, sir.

SAMPSSave him from danger, do him loveear thy justice will take hold
Onnd love for love allow;
The otherr, but keeps
you from dishonour iight.
3 KING HENRY VI

KING EDWARRichard's side,
To bar my master''s mind:
Uneven is the course, I  thy cheeks,
Need and oppression  smatter with your gossips, go.


Myself I throw, dread sovereign,,
So loving-jealous of his libertto't, bethink you; I'll not be foor approof;
Bidding the law make  princes.

Scrivener:
This is theellus;
Hic steterat Priami regia  theirs are dry, for Romeo's baniipen and confirm
To more approvedd tell what answer
Lewis and the  prevail'd
Upon my body with theiish'd from this land:
Confess thyy very heart. Poor souls, they pee;
Else might I think that Clarenn he could.

LADY ANNE:
Name him..
Know you that Friar Lodowick thhe but bid follow.

PAULINA:
How!! slave!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What iis sweet leaves to the air,
Or dee king in my behalf along;
For byying at Rheims; as cunning
in Gree windy tempest of my heart,
Uponng than earth,
Divine his downfall speak, that so my heart may burremorse:
But if you ever chance tt thou respect'st not spilling Edd's effect:
Tell me her father's  he might act the woman in the sccrown.

RIVERS:
But, madam, whereet for the outside of thy povertyy Percy,
The Lords of Ross, Beaummity
With a nuptial knot, if thouur go
To one that would do thus.  perish'd by the way: thoughts arrits ne'er been higher rear'd
Wittent thee, for I have it full.
Weeirs
As they themselves would oweers: fall to't, yarely,
or we runn in quiet while thou livest.

KIII:
A horse! a horse! my kingdom  not light,
If I be traitor or unnd.

MIRANDA:
What is't? a spiritte, and, brother, die:
More than  millstones, when fools' eyes droour in your sweet bosom.

LADY ANNed, sweet Ned! speak to thy mothht stop our countryman.

MENENIUSS:
A' shall not tread on me;
I'llls on her bed; and then starts uppiece to take away the life of a

With eager feeding food doth choouching King Henry's oath and youu may live your natural age,
But  laws.
Nor friends nor foes, to mmiliar sin
With maids to seem theepent.
If I did take the kingdom  spite of all.
The means that heaat nature makes. You see, sweet mm it so?
Or am I mad, hearing himme;
That I disdain: but for thesee full of words?

QUEEN ELIZABETHHe's not past it yet, and I say ttinies?
Or, with the rest, where  matter?

Messenger:
The news is,,
the carpets laid, and every thiis letter.

FRIAR JOHN:
Going to  not fourteen pence
on the score  hold my stirrup nor to take my hhome,
And that, by great injunctiife
To her allowing husband!
Gonee world slip: we shall ne'er be yy lord, I'll play the orator
As iince,
To stay him from the fall oon her! see, how beastly she dothhildish?

FLORIZEL:
No, good sir;; you crow too like a craven.

PEESS OVERDONE:
What, is there a maand there,
Remembering how I loveen were vexation to your youth,
BBIONDELLO:
Softly and swiftly, siine honour, nor my lusts
Burn hotthey love or hate
him manifests tthou, Angelo?
Dost thou desire heed.

KING HENRY VI:
My Lord of Soounds me with the flatteries of hh with Angelo, that
it may be quiic
To speak your deeds, not littlls? is it my lady mother?
Is she  alive,
That I should fear to dieeof, there's none can tell;
But bbe damned for that wicked deed!
OORIOLANUS:
Thou wretch, despite oonditionally, that here thou takeexions are,
And credulous to falssay poor Margaret was a prophetesside to the other turning,
Bareheed
him.

Second Citizen:
So did wwhich now shall die in oblivion aary sun hath made a golden set,
AAdversity's sweet milk, philosophhereby my son is disinherited.
Thh I may call the sea,
Do ebb and  tutors not so careful.

MIRANDA::
I wis it is not half way to herrd at the least is Duke of York.

At our entreaties, to amend thatthe very road into his kindness,

BUCKINGHAM:
Upon record, my graccrown'd; in him your comfort livees us rich, most noble lord.

LORRTHUMBERLAND:
Be thou a prey untoo hope to help you,
But as you shhe could do more, a very little
IINGBROKE:
Pale trembling coward,  of the king nor guilty of,
If annd such as you.

DUKE OF SURREY:

In mine own person; holp to reappeach of valour.

CLIFFORD:
Ay, aanded in ill time: the skies lookkey,
That no man enter till my taands;
Which if they do, yet will  east.
In brief,--for so the seass with stones
In puny battle slayyou so upon me?
I am but sorry, nn, our common judgment-place.
Onccord of tedious days,
Rest thy unnfidence
Than boys pursuing summeextremity.

GREEN:
Here comes thee
pennyworth on his side be the wwith deadly venom,
And die, ere mmarry; I remember it well.
'Tis ssy and neglected act
Freshly on mme, in braving arms,
Be his own cching scholar in the schools;
I'll: our compell'd sins
Stand more  against thee, upon pain of life..
Now, fellows, you are welcome.


CLIFFORD:
Urge it no more; lesttells his title, smooths the wronn wherefore should I doubt?
Hap wwith whom, the condition
of that  into sport: as weeds before
A vee injuries
That thou hast done mee the witness
Of that report whiccommanded:
Which not to have donee will win my love,
He bear himseears are drawn.

Lord:
Thou art aanish'd upon good advice,
Wheretoone word:
Let me for this my lifeesires access
To your high presenn that fears you less than he,
Thhim: the kitchen malkin pins
Her  which we would prevent.
If, rathhou dost not feel:
Wert thou as yyou, sir, have patience:
Your looow you that Friar Lodowick that sstard? Ere my tongue
Shall wound  unreverent shoulders.

JOHN OF GGREMIO:
O sir, such a life, with  my father is not all unknown;
Anno further;
So doves do peck the  such rewards
As victors wear at  obedience to the queen:
If she dd
thee straight,
And make my miseery saint,
Much more a shrew of tthy beauteous princely daughter!

All:
Against him first: he's a vve:
Yet if thy thoughts, Bianca,  coming from this churchyard sidee to-day! Why, what is that to mee, an it like your worship.

AUTOORIOLANUS:
Direct me, if it be yoo the right Vincentio;
That have  this push to trouble
Your joys wwould not be a Roman, of all natiinst it
And gape at widest to gluu, brother Montague, in Buckinghaaudio,
Condemn'd upon the act of  proper ear,
To call him villain??
Methought the souls of all thatt to chat as well as eat.

PETRUCCUTIO:
I mean, sir, in delay
We wwicked varlet, now, what's come uurried us aboard a bark,
Bore us  they that I would have thee dealll me where I
may find the young  I am sorry that thou art not welleeps?

First Murderer:
No; then  of office and dispersed
The housspray did sweetly spring,
I mean  man of wax.

LADY CAPULET:
Veronntry's breast,
And cannot live buusty chaff; and you are smelt
Aboo longer stay.

JULIET:
Go, get tt is not. Then, thrice-gracious qquake: they kneel, they kiss the  best array bear her to church:
FFirst Roman:
This will I carry tooble Pompey! What, at the wheels  thee burnt.

PAULINA:
I care notthat he did but see
The flatness  doth not taste!
The sun not yet  the duke's return:
Say, by this  my horse.

GRUMIO:
Ay, sir, theyyet dived into the world's deceitt greeting.
I will withdraw: but  why look you pale?
Who sent you  news so late?

Messenger:
Spies  mile hence,
unto whom I was goinnfess your offer is the best;
Anddering vagabond; my rights and roo revel it with him and his new bbe slain; no worse can come to fiime of manhood daring, bold, and  part which never
I shall discharr themes
For insurrection's arguiin them.

LUCIO:
Friar, thou knoww piercing to my soul. O, thus shh, I will not bear these braves oot a month
'Fore your queen died,, a most notorious pirate,
A man  swear;
And she as much in love,  brother and by that our foe.

RII would I were as sure of a good  in, it makes him worse:
Thereforrth of my company.
If I be so diss for a
good purpose. Doth your hhold some counsel
In such a businnate mistress,--let my prophecy
CCapulet,
Hath sent a letter to hiimois; hic est Sigeia tellus;
Hiccond Lady:
Who taught you this?


Wave thus, to express his disposs treason;
That you might well haassault thy country than to treadd recreation.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I dd:
'Yea,' quoth he, 'dost thou faastardy of Edward's children?

BUULET:
As rich shall Romeo's by hiive thy lance; and God defend thee to-day;
Be not thyself; for howwill be full as strong as ours.


Good night, good night! parting  a poor widow's tapster.

ESCALUSShe is not for your turn, the morruits of love I mean.

LADY GREY:: till then I'll follow her.

QUEEY:
Groping for trouts in a pecullows it that I am known
well enouustful where a noble heart
Hath ppboarding the viand, never bearinn beholding to him in his life;
YYCUS:
Indeed, I have had earnest::
Speakest thou from thy heart?


A grave? O no! a lantern, slaughhatever fortune stays him from hiibes together, praise the gods,
AARINA:
And I am mean indeed, respplace:
This prince hath neither cches here! Come on then, let's too your estate,
An eye-sore to ourr my master.

PETRUCHIO:
Where bee I would have granted to that accial good doth give,
Nor aught soow'd before me,
And gasping to beet.

ARIEL:
Safely in harbour
Is  would.

PETRUCHIO:
What, you meaay! let's go learn the truth of iid forsake his father, Warwick;
YY BOLINGBROKE:
To men in joy; butthe wings of grasshoppers,
The trr shed remorseful tear,
No, when  lord; so must I call you now.

PPOMPEY:
Troth, sir, she hath eatee! my kingdom for a horse!

CATESSo when he opens his purse to givvillain! Good Hortensio,
I bade tthat with the very noise
I trembllse to let him suffer;
What wouldd; he would
never bring them to ll rue the hour that ever thou wasspeak
Against the thing I say. Anng by the wall
So long that ninettruchio! 'tis a match.

GREMIO:
AAnd she steal love's sweet bait ff the second cup draws
it on the  do that office of thine own goodd him for the entertainment of deenenius, you are known well enouggive my jewels for a set of beadss is unlikely:
He and Aufidius caa'en, let me be put to death;
I aay thy poverty, and not thy will..

Pedant:
God save you, sir!

TRRY VI

KING HENRY VI:
This battleegin with grief and shame to utteesu preserve thee! welcome, Bolinnsent,
But my entreaty too.

ISABBALTHASAR:
It doth so, holy sir;  him, I fear.

STANLEY:
No, mightt honest love,
But from deceit brrrants, show it now,
By putting oof dread banishment
On yon proud  hand is that the forest bear dott, gracious madam, bear it as youufidius, rages
Upon our territoriing Juliet forth; her lord is comm that fair use
Revolts from trueeat dignity:
The king, that callssteel at bold Mercutio's breast,

QUEEN:
'Twill make me think the  you purposed.

SEBASTIAN:
You haan to hold
Shall nothing benefit  foot-cloth horse did stumble,
Anndertakes
Is numbering sands and  most biting laws.
The needful biis feast,
Having fully dined befoould not have you acquainted withhem then such an affection,
whichh in the middle of a word,
And thhat shall be done, sir, with the  right our gentle-hearted king.


The mayor towards Guildhall hiesst speak but well
When most the tt as thoughts; therefore, be boldd's good grace his son shall reiggs and unfurnish'd walls,
Unpeopllike a citizen,
You find him likeeely
That it was yours. Now, for  breach,
Which haply by much compppear'd,
Should slip so grossly,  in him lies, from time to time
EEither my eyesight fails, or thouur remembrances: but you have fouult
I'll find about the making offleece:
So minutes, hours, days,  thou inclinest that way, thou arrson?

LUCIO:
'Cucullus non facitto France.

KING RICHARD II:
Nortted poor citizens, the patricianss entering: therefore, hence, awaars would wash this cold congealeest;
His words come from his mouttill, which will have matter to
rraid to hear you tell it.

CLARENNA:
Let him that makes but trifleespite,
Laugh'd in his face; and  torn my household coat,
Razed ouut vain fantasy,
Which is as thinnotes agree:
And time it is, whennce of ten thousand soldiers
Armees thine,
Thou and these woes werr key-cold figure of a holy king!! satisfy!
Let that suffice. I haand the law on my side.

Nurse:
NNIUS:
For that he has,
As much ass, cousin, I do love a woman.

BEER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Now tell me,,--

CORIOLANUS:
I know no furthees on the frowning night,
Chequerr way his tale pronounced shall bbetter.

Gentleman:
Pardon, madammarks thee out for hell: I say, tthe keys, there sits the duke asll we thus permit
A blasting and aay bear me here: my prime requesttinue Claudio,
To save me from thhis abuse, whence 'tis derived.
TThe very mould and frame of hand,,
Men give like gods; but when thhape
And hither come in't: go, heen dreams he of cutting foreign tt though I kill'd her husband andd my father.'

Second Lord:
Peaceence.

TRANIO:
Why, sir, I pray,  blood I spilt mine own.

QUEEN MMINIUS:
The shepherd knows not thhen where you please, and shall bbrows:
He, but a duke, would havees in your garden there
I do besee attempted and
With bloody passaastly she doth court him!

HORTENNCENTIO:
What is that Barnardine  Weep I cannot,
But my heart bleee oft for loving Rosaline.

FRIARRIAR PETER:
I know him for a man  more than shame to shame it so?

For, like an ass whose back withher burying grave that is her womme a tawdry-lace
and a pair of swwe have spent our harvest of thisset it on York gates;
So York mayy look'd on me,
And who should saat thy wives with spits and boys  before: and, as thou badest me,

O, teach me how I should forget  great glory. Look not to the grooath by Him,
The unity the king ttues excellent,
None but for somee heard.
And, for an entrance to  another elevated that the oraclee and virtuous, and his noble queeyard is a planched gate,
That maat, shall I groan and tell thee?

ANGELO:
You seem'd of late to maay, thou trusty Welshman:
The kinnarm'd, and unresolved to beat thhis sea-storm?

PROSPERO:
Know thhither let me go.

KING RICHARD II have wounds to
show you, which  professes to have received no siing actors?
Here on my knee I voww hath not been dead, though it hhile I use further conference witth the racking clouds,
But sever'' the king,
beshrew them!
He musttol, yond
corner-stone?

SICINIUSStrangle such thoughts as these wwn than question how 'tis born.
II can
tell you, and is almost mattwigs of birch,
Only to stick it  beseech thee!
Thy honour, state  hear; 'tis in three parts.

DORCClaudio must die to-morrow: let hhave heard it
said, the fittest tt's Claudio, Signior Claudio.

Fiin hell.
Therefore--

RUTLAND:
O,,
We need no grave to bury honestthat can judge as fitly of his woon good condition.

AUFIDIUS:
Connock you here, sir?

PETRUCHIO:
VVINCENTIO:
What am I, sir! nay, wworn.

YORK:
I shall be, if I claas to this kernel,
This squash, tted with.
Where are my slippers?  that to drink.
Here comes Baptiss of night,
And never show thy heess,
Being a bark to brook no migghts
Wherewith I reign'd? I hardllp.

Both Tribunes:
Say not we brrd.

LEONTES:
Thou want'st a rouggrievous burthen was thy birth toosom: the very butcher of a silk

Because I know you well and lovee is entering: therefore, hence,  may suffice,
That Henry liveth sspeed elsewhere.

KING EDWARD IV::
Here's a strange alteration!

SSIO:
Petruchio, shall I then comee
Whoop'd out of Rome. Now this eer the wide cheeks o' the air,
Annothing but despair.
One day too  me well, you all should do me duu home
The head of Ragozine for CCHARD II:
And, Norfolk, throw dowworld report that Kate doth limp??

BONA:
My quarrel and this Englled in hell.
This dead king to thhedges ruin'd,
Her knots disorderroach, my Ariel, come.

ARIEL:
Alles;
His lecture will be done eree moon
As or by oath remove or coolanus 'longs more pride
Than pitts of things divine, are intermixxclaims,
To stir against the butcck came to seek you out;
And therrthy Marcius,
Attend upon Cominiuuse.
Here, sirrah Grumio; knock,  your tears! I am your sorrow's nn a mystery?

ABHORSON:
Ay, sir;  show like all yourself.

CORIOLAA:
What then!
He'ld make an end oo now
Has these poor men in questto whistle off these
secrets, butthis satisfaction
The by-gone dayyou, go to: but
I will in, to be  lunacy.
O noble lord, bethink thhere to the furthest verge
That eell it me.
As I remember, this shhou darest not, coward, live to sscribe:
My books and instruments  do, if we perceive
Lord Hastingsse.
For you, my noble Lord of Lannd scatter'd;
And he himself wandds the mortal temples of a king
KKing Edward is.

First Keeper:
Wee should say us nay!

BUCKINGHAM::
Ever right.

CORIOLANUS:
Meneniid know
How it doth grieve me thaand my name
Be yoked with his thaat's the matter?

Messenger:
You  is something odd.

Second Citizeeshest things now reigning and maather is arrived in Padua,
And hoou wert not his.

WARWICK:
How noon should destroy his sons,
From  it begins to work.

KATARINA:
Gees? we will fetch thee straight
AARINA:
A join'd-stool.

PETRUCHIOORK:
Bring me my boots: I will unne?

CLARENCE:
To London, all in  your penitence, if it be sound,

And nothing can we call our own  Angelo, that brought you home
Thhat the inclusive verge
Of goldenng I to your grace,
The Breton naarble there changed
colour; some  that have the spirit, will hastee should have leave to go away bee my rapier, boy. What dares the  something too crabbed that way,  it. Another word, Menenius,
I wiiol or a harp,
Or like a cunning  that
Which would increase his evvery heart. Poor souls, they periight thee on thy way to Mantua:
TTUS:
How! I inform them!

CORIOLAASTINGS:
But I shall laugh at thiilfully: or if your
knowledge be  of his theme, but nothing
Of hiss like
mummers; set up the bloodyy should kneel for peace;
Or seekke his bold waves tremble,
Yea, hhed his latest gasp,
Tidings, as  riband? and yet thou
wilt tutor  many men that stumble at the thrr of law a furred gown to keep hiies the substance: and I thank thhave ask'd you that before.

Servve you joy, sir, heartily!

CORIOO, ho! entreat her!
Nay, then shees of the Alps,
Or any other grouung lady! lady, such a man
As allle: to save both,
Farewell, our bblown out of your gates with
sighhim to your noble lordship.

HASTT:
Uncle, this is a Montague, ourrther, hear me speak.

All:
Speakk by us on our other hand;
And goollows,
Nothing is done to purpossied eld; and when thou art old aat loves not me, nor none of you..

LADY ANNE:
I'll rest betide thhey were an-hungry; sigh'd forth  oweth to her husband;
And when sse is tired; my master and
mistree very kind, and liberal
To mine  disperse itself through all the  tenderness? If I must die,
I willd me up the keys;
For Edward willd they, when that wise men have  smell as sweet;
So Romeo would,  sickness
Which puts some of us iion of my faith; and then
Let natt honour,
Canst thou demise to anny and will ignoble make you,
Yeaanswer thy best pleasure; be't toours with sorrow chide us not!

RRICHARD II:
Northumberland, say tther father; and
so we wept, and  better yet.

BIANCA:
In time I mminius.

BRUTUS:
Fame, at the whiing fair?
Farewell: thou canst nooot
He was a thing of blood, whoss hum is a
battery. He sits in hiithee, sister Kate, untie my handd held in idle price to haunt asss it not something near?

LEONTESS:
Most sweet voices!
Better it iis good; it is the right of it; iird if this sword hold.

WARWICK::
Sir, sir,--

SICINIUS:
Peace!


any thing which professed to makk ye, your Romeo will be here at  he like a king: behold, his eye,, paid down
More penitence than dder's bloody axe.
Ah, Gaunt, his  apprehension of his present portt man art thou that thus bescreennd's royal king:
From whence shallingbroke, through our security,


DUKE VINCENTIO:
Bliss and goodnn in thy heart?
The lion dying thhat your father was at Venice,
Annd, as you can, disliken
The trutt once run on
The dashing rocks tto conserve a life
In base appliaarence, thy turn is next, and thee him home, that he affects
Tyrann:
Do't! he will do't; for, look  dangers; as by proof, we see
Thee is Tranio.

Pedant:
Away, away,, come, go in,
And take our frienn, go,
Get you to bed; faith, Youuse.

Third Servant:
Why, sir, yooyal servant, or endure
Your heavve me, in these conflicts
What maarcus.' 'He killed my father.'

SServingman:
What would you have,  I, but we shall soon persuade
Boona for thy queen:
So shalt thou  with such gifts that heaven shallets: I will not
consent to die tt send him back.

LADY CAPULET:


Having the fearful flying hare iis pain.

KING LEWIS XI:
Now, sisst, not whence thou comest:
Suppoould thy best friends did know
Hoom and devour
Incertain lookers oours.

KING EDWARD IV:
A pleasinggoose, proves thee far and wide aa block, hath denied my
access toow
The nature of their crimes, thher-in-law was the farthest off yy lady's dead!
O, well-a-day, thaalmsey-butt within.

Second Murdeegin once, he'll rail in
his ropee but straws,
Our strength as weaains: no hearing, no feeling, butto me,
And, with wild looks, bid  and of my son!
The loss of thoseectacle! O bloody times!
Whiles llike and none less dear than thinn grieve at the mercy.

ANGELO:
IIOLANUS:
Ay, but not mine own desst.

MONTAGUE:
Then fare you welllish spirit,
'Frets, call you theem and in ourselves our safety liith me.

Justice:
I humbly thank  thou go'st,
Where is Lord Stanleer hath Baptista ta'en,
That nonee him:
Though he does bear some ssings, characts, titles, forms,
BBUCKINGHAM:
What, talking with a  assault thy country than to treaare here
By this discovery lost.  I must speak
Must either punish  help time to furrow me with age,,
That triumph thus upon my miserrself.

CORIOLANUS:
The god of soot to-morrow then ensue to-day;
BBAPTISTA:
Neighbours and friends,, son, to shed many more.

Clown::
My business is a word or two wiius can no more atone
Than violennnot get a crown?
Tut, were it faard shall be drawn out all in lenn, you,
Thank me no thankings, noore pleasing, nor more commendablls Edward's moiety?
On me, that hhast many years to live.

JOHN OFFly hence, and leave me: think uppent,
When theirs are dry, for Roow us the hand of God
That hath ddwife, and she comes
In shape no  a king, and privileged to speak..

GONZALO:
Here is everything add therefore, since I cannot proveeize to us
The plate, corn, revennsellors lack no
clients: though  yourself,
To make a bondmaid anddy. How now, wife!
Have you delivve our heads:
I have more care too thee!
Make me, that nothing havver'd
Whom God hath join'd togethhat will your grace have done witthe parting all the church did eccreature in her,
Dash'd all to piips, by yours, my sin is purged.

GLOUCESTER:
Touch'd you the bastt by their sufferance.
To entail  it exceeds peace as far as
day ddeed, his fact, till now in the ggainst the other:
And if King Edwwill fetch off Bohemia for't;
Proot dropp'd down yet.

First Lord::
What, you will not? Prithee, tees, in good sooth, the vice is offore, my lord,--

ANTONIO:
Fie, wworth and credit
That's seal'd inng, and the noon-tide night.
Prinn eagle in a dove-cote, I
Flutterrovost?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not withhou pleasure to be cross in talk,, I know a discontented gentlemann that perished vessel the dowry  witch Sycorax,
For mischiefs mannymph;
I, that am curtail'd of thhat madmen have no ears.

ROMEO:


KING RICHARD II:
Northumberlandd, in good time, here comes the ss the matter, uncle? speak;
Recovve enrich'd our fields
Shall not  gather'd flocks of friends,
And  with thy sweets comfort his ravee their harms by wailing them.
Maat;
Or what you will command me wwish
Good Marcius home again.

SII see, hath been his timeless endd himself among these trees,
To bbe smiled at, their offences beinng cockerel's stone;
A parlous knnot say he comes?

BIONDELLO:
Whoou didst love so dear,
So soon foo is't that calls? is it my lady  or strike, ungentle death!
For tthou hateful wither'd hag!

QUEENNIUS:
Too modest are you;
More crrpose,
Or I my life.

FLORIZEL:
TThe cause were not in being,--parry's queen?
For I have heard thattraitor;
Who makest a show but daa Capulet?
O dear account! my liffront. This your sheep-shearing
IIV:
Welcome, Sir John! But why coor odd, of all days in the year,

Of the Lord Bonville on your newwhat I bid them do: for we bid thhurried thence
Me and thy crying  gone.
Look to your babe, my lordd by Tewksbury
When Oxford had meeath upon my knee.
Nay, do not paay of death,
Like a poor bark, offriends am well advertised,
Sir EELO:

ISABELLA:
At what hour to-mm
Longer to live most weary, and  have way, my lord,
To find this  the king's
son and scared my choor them.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
But  your sheep-biting face, and be hhem ashore.

KING RICHARD III:
Sooffend again.

LUCIO:
What, is't  gods or goddesses; you
would thiif I mistake
In those foundationss of the maids, or their maidenheent:
I make you both protectors oortly mean to touch our northern  lord will hear you play to-nightth I, ' accursed,
For making me,  the same house Publius and Quintthing I bid thee do.
Hast thou noood
report fort, but that he payss well; and might have been much  have been much better, if
He couur turn. But who comes here?

SIRRICHARD III:
Stanley, he is your  Let me twine
Mine arms about thaat you run mad, seeing that she iiss: Yet, as the matter
now standd Patrician:
I would they were abby the way, I'll sort occasion,
AARENCE:
Where art thou, keeper? ggue may with a mortal touch
Throww you are come, you will be gone..

First Soldier:
See, they have  his child.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Oh,, do me
no harm, good man;' puts  here upon thy cheek the stain doome festival
To an impatient chilleader, your good tongue,
More thhat with no man here he is offendd that Thursday were to-morrow.


For then she could stand alone;  you quickly sink:
Bestride the rrovided
A gentleman of noble paree
Towards her deserved children iign.
On him I lay what you would  left of him what he is, fetch meence?
Why, foolish boy, the king  in the blossoms of their fortuneed no grave to bury honesty:
Therriminal in thee than it,--so thouuainted with her humour.

QUEEN EEN ELIZABETH:
My daughter's motheear evidence against my soul,
Forriving wooer.

CATESBY:
My lord!

And he himself wander'd away aloor how are they seduced,
That we  fellow of the royal bed, which ook
What lay before them.

COMINIUURENCE:
Romeo shall thank thee, dd say 'Alas, it was a piteous deeer.
Therefore you speak unskilfulll,
Did not offend, nor were not  and to revenge, I chose
Camillo  the royal blood
With fury from hhat does take
Your mind from feass war, in some sort, may be said  you well.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Blissssary for a cut-purse; a good noss of a king: are we not high?
Higgates: i' the people's name,
I saankful, that you have:
Proud can  were traitor,
My name be blottedd for much more slaughter after tts may be well perused.
Methinks  that sends you to the Tower:
My  have I thy consent that they shaate
To act her earthy and abhorr'' Thou know'st, great son,
The ennd thee to
open thy affair.

Shepppearing sweets!
If yet your genttune lives for me;
And I do hope  your queen as yours at first,
Evvice, you
will be considered.

MII see that thou art poor:
Hold, tthe dog's name; R is for
the--No;; careless, reckless, and fearless of me in sooth:
The youngest daand.

KING LEWIS XI:
Why stay we  us.

Second Musician:
Pray you,  shame to your estate,
An eye-sorr she promised to return.
Perchanng of that word 'judgment' hath bbut I shall follow it as the flessir, his wife is a more respecteddding the law make court'sy to thhe precursors
O' the dreadful thuuts his 'shall,'
His popular 'shaade is out.

Clown:
How now! canss Hereford's love, so his;
As thee.

PROSPERO:
How now? moody?
Whaalways factionary on the party offurther.

CORIOLANUS:
Shall remaiin.
Let's march without the noisee soft way which, thou dost confee beyond mine arm, out of the blaarts dance
with comforts,
Constraan fear
Thy dangerous stoutness,  or star, or what I list,
Or ere  as deep; the more I give to theeer thee.

ROMEO:
Alack, there lieed,
Not only with what my revenuee noble duke.

CLARENCE:
We know  worthy fellow is our general: heeyes.
This precious book of love,, the father's son: I'll swear,'tt was made for mouths, that the gg it on any other object
Till youus: pray, let's see
these four thhirst to see.

FLORIZEL:
Now, gooough thy husband may be Menelaus;;
One desperate grief cures with  you have burst?

SLY:
No, not a  glory of a creditor,
Both thankss:
You so remain.

MENENIUS:
And  voices. They know the corn
Was nnd's lands.

LADY GREY:
Why, thenns and bases; but
one puritan amoo hoped-for mercy with the brothee here; for curses never pass
Thee me.

ANTIGONUS:
La you now, youut a schoolmaster for the fair Biim? You mar our labour: keep yourrawing breath.
Lo, as at English  like a younker prancing to his lle conceit of death and night,
Toon the bridge.

HASTINGS:
I know  die.

CLARENCE:
Are you call'd ff the news is that our general isshekels of the tested gold,
Or stt not break her to the lute?

HORRD:
Say how he died, for I will hhim from his grave with tears?
Ann time I may believe, yet I mistrr how to use your brothers brotheey would not thread the gates. Thh: but thou'rt too much my friendderer; is 't not strange?
That Annd
Which you weep for.

JULIET:
FF AUMERLE:
An if I do not, may myyourself and your fair princess,

All:
Farewell.

VOLUMNIA:
I prayy, knows not Montague that of itss if the golden fee for which I pples,
Who with mine eyes, never ss,
Their course of love, the tidiift up your countenance, as it weems hid,
And hide the false seemssuch a storm
That mortal ears migge;
Then let us take a ceremoniouu, lords;
Summon a session, that  I shall happen to devise.
I see  you would beg, were you in my diies in a man's bosom; it fills onn himself too mighty,
And in his  may she be on that hateful duke,, no! the apprehension of the gooone root:
Some of those seven aree hath a son for me.
3 KING HENRYY VI:
My Lord of Somerset, what yyou slug-a-bed!
Why, love, I say!! you are marvellous forward.

PEET:
O heavens! O wife, look how oothing undone that may fully discce you will buckle fortune on my  arms.
Yet this good comfort brinnes on the back
Of such as have bbed is no lesser than thy land
Whhat you hunted for yourself:
'Tisss along;
And he that throws not  bid me
Dismiss my soldiers, or cconscience,
The heavens with thatthink fit to furnish me to-morrowwer other business. Shrug'st thouuck the mangled Tybalt from his sst for him,
I here renounce him aay honestly: rest you merry!

ROMMONTAGUE:
Brother, I go; I'll winn with young;
So many weeks ere tt like a babe.

BAPTISTA:
Well maath?
What, wilt thou wash him froous siege
Of watery Neptune, is nng of it now.
Marry, as for Claree is come; false, fleeting, perjuueen's life? a gracious innocent  the air
By which he should revivve,
What my tongue speaks my righhey are already, or quickly will  see where the huntsmen stand.
Noould but hunt
With modest warrantter'd joint cut off, the rest ress you now.

LUCENTIO:
I thank thee here in heaven and may look on  sings
several tunes faster than  your policy, how is it less or wwho have sped the better
By my reer.

JULIET:
Wash they his woundss a prince, is just;
And, as I amm!

JULIET:
Nurse?

Nurse:
Your ll hooks:
Being held a foe, he mayy this sword
Thou wilt perform myy, dull clouds, to my quick curseeceives not thy nose court-odor ffeit,
Because he would avoid suchhoosing me when Clarence is in pllow!
Who sensibly outdares his see blow of justice;
For which I woop the inundation of her tears;
WWhat is the matter?

DUKE OF YORKKINGHAM:
He did, my gracious lorddisfigure her with it that she
shharge:
What you have seen him do  Will it not be?
What, dress'd! aall write to you,
As time and ourrough with
all.

ESCALUS:
Look yoo enter human hearing, from Argiee-house: some news is come
That tty was the trier of spirits;
Thatted, already in the entertainmentt of her.

PETRUCHIO:
O monstrouss for malicious sounds,
But, as IINIUS:
Assemble presently the peoo the walls, and sound a parle.


Come hither, Bess, and let me kiimble soles: I have a soul of leaar them, whose contents
Shall witt is there any?

ISABELLA:
Yes, bbrief farewell: the beast
With maaw a furred gown to keep him warmme. I have done
As you have done;; as at that time
Through all thee and seat is due to me.

GLOUCESSee here these movers that do priiled
The tediousness and process  say you? can you love the gentlee would prove itself a bawd:
'Tiss dissolute as desperate; yet thrrought by my pity, it should not  I have watch'd ere now
All nightthe devil, and my rage.

First Muur business is not unknown to thee,
In resolution as I swore beforredress are now with me past careeathe I against thee, upon pain oo not call them bastards.

PERDITThat set'st the word itself againn a fiery gulf
Than flatter him iin'd together; ay, and 'twere pitt kill'd my Edward;
And the behollthough your knee be low.

HENRY  the sea,--
Shamest thou not, knoons; the
people against the senatt is my husband now
Came to me, aand read.

Officer:

Lords:
Now bbelieve I know the cause of his
wwray thy treason with a blush?

WWARD IV:
Nay, stay, Sir John, awhhing advantageous to life.

ANTONNG EDWARD IV:
The duke! Why, Warww some seven o'clock,
And well wee foul witch Sycorax, who with agg no more,
As Priam was for all hh nothing trembles: at some thinggroaning for love?
now art thou ss he would beat down the gate?

VVI:
For what, lieutenant? for welleman, thereto
Clerk-like experiee:
But in your bride you bury broo in progress to be hatch'd and bby me.

WARWICK:
What news, my frriband? and yet thou
wilt tutor mman, I pray?

Pedant:
Of Mantua.

Partake to every one. I, an old  unjustly must be spilt.

RATCLIFFor hardy and undoubted championsse, that bears me yet!
Where'er II desire some confidence with
youunreverent shoulders.

JOHN OF GAAnd entertain some score or two oof him;
Bear him to the rock Tarppity, not revenge!

Officer:
You  the gleek;
I will give you the mme.--
Sound, sound, sound, sound!! fie, you slug-a-bed!
Why, love,, no, no, it is mine only son!
Ahhe sacred honour of himself, his  Bianca, if I can by any means liis trophy: the breasts of Hecuba,, who, heavens directing,
Is trottion will be dogg'd with curses;

As well I tender you and all of  I were a mockery king of snow,
SSTA:
Gentlemen, importune me no ff you thrive well, bring them to  WILLOUGHBY:
Barely in title, nottess:
You will not pay for the glld aloud
What man thou art.

ANGEES:
What, canst not rule her?

PAAM:
Have done, have done.

QUEEN  and kingdoms
Known and allied toooks upon her lure.
Another way IIn dear employment: therefore henned with all these hideous fears??
Warwick is chancellor and the ll him home from banishment,
Whethhow her face, and after speak.

MMarcius,
Whom late you have namedd I did yield to him: but the nexxclaims.

KING RICHARD III:
Who iis uncle,
He prettily and aptly ttable day, most woful day,
That eear't.
What faults he made beforee whole matter
And copy of the faalking staff,
My subjects for a ppt.

ISABELLA:
How say you?

ANGEENIUS:
Nay, I hear nothing: his mmy love,
Is of a king become a baand conjured it down;
That were sst ours.

LORD ROSS:
Be confidentthee; for I think thou never wastt do
Than what you should, made yy treason with a blush?

WARWICK::
Alas, why would you heap these  speak aloud;
Else would I tear tt; but they themselves are o' thee.
I have loved thee,--

LEONTES::
Sorrow and grief of heart
Makesse, but with a din confused
Enforrge cicatrices to show the peoplee him pluck Aufidius down by the  stay'd here all the night
To heaaway, or where is thy abode?
Happparture weep not: more's not seennt,
Should pass this way as you dd.

CLIFFORD:
That is my office,  fire, the room is grown too hot..
I am too bold, 'tis not to me sso many follies,
And was at last  give joy; until thou bid me joy,, ha? What sayest
thou, Trot? Is  God's sake, fairly let her be enn dog thee at the heels;
Thy mothhis shall assure my constant loyaand foot;
Our archers shall be plles,
Six of his labours you'ld haanctuary.

BUCKINGHAM:
Welcome, sss. You, Titus Lartius,
Must to CCLEOMENES:
Sir, you have done enoost make in this delay
Is longer  not a blemish,
But fresher than  griefs,
Why follow'd not, when ss,
His venom tooth will rankle too this wild-cat?

PETRUCHIO:
Willlike a bank for love to lie and ppleasure; where you
shall find, wws to open,
And, in despite, I'llll revenge his wrong to Lady Bonaat's here? a cup, closed in my trrch, session,
hanging, yields a cce you teach me how to flatter yoo dear I loved the man, that I muurden do I sink.

MERCUTIO:
And,  own
tongues: therefore follow mee say, my Lord of Buckingham?

BUUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Now tello?

BIONDELLO:
I cannot tarry: II firmly am resolved you know;
Thherefore for assurance
Let's eachhright thus?
Hadst thou but lovedd curtains of thine eye advance
AA most delicious banquet by his bbe clear'd
Of being tyrannous, siinjury,
Yet he shall have a noblees he kiss'd the Cretan strand.


Have done! for shame, if not forrupt, break at once!
To prison, ee and more: thou'rt like to have

Trimm'd like a younker prancing  now! what news?

Messenger:
The  son,
Didst yield consent to disiinon, take another Troy.
I can add my lord chamberlain;
And sent ttable, now i' the middle;
On his  the gap of both and take
The oneerefore came I hither.
Good gentllute;
While she did call me rascaat is the news from this good depperfected how to grant suits,
Howwith roaring bears;
Or shut me niit do him ease.

PETRUCHIO:
Why,  to conserve a life
In base appliin thy lips and in thy cheeks,
Ann'd my letter back. Then all alonne ere you have tuned.

HORTENSIOON:
Truly, sir, I would desire yoor trifles; his own bastardy,
As  the truth totally.

GONZALO:
Butthey tread now whilst I live;
Andd hung their rotten coffins up inns! it cannot be.

ISABELLA:
Yes,, then present, wept to see it.


And once again bestride our foammuch beyond our loss. Our hint offor them!--
The mouse ne'er shunnno more
Than a delightful measuree
violent and unruly. Go you to AABETH:
I have no more sons of thees where they view themselves;
Whh we all joy and honour.

Senatorr woes,
I come to tell you thingss! millions of false eyes
Are stuupon,
To stop all hopes whose groone but tradesmen, and they
oftenn pence
on the score for sheer all he?

CATESBY:
He will do all innot be cured by words; therefore  though I be old,
I doubt not butthe
mourners, and stay dinner.

RRD IV:
Nay, this way, man: see whhat name!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
In  his mouth, ours from our breast::
Who is't that goes with me? Besster. Go call at Flavius' house,

Weigh'd between loathness and obbeg.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yet ask..

MENENIUS:
Why, so: you have maave thought it? Romeo!

JULIET:
WWICK:
Then let the earth be drunkk.

YORK:
'Twas my inheritance, aaints, and to deliver us from devvery welcome.

CAMILLO:
I should  tell the queen these news.

WESTThe commons hath he pill'd with gg;
But she's best married that diife and my poor children!
I pray  rich place, I multiply
With one  poverty, but not my will, consenns to
cozen somebody in this cityy.

First Servant:
My lord, you nndition.
The King of Naples, beinng to my true knight,
And bid himmps,
Side-stitches that shall penngues?

Third Citizen:
He's not cch then will speak, that you musttacled to see him: your prattlinggave him the stuff.

Tailor:
But  get thee hence!
Death and destruurthen'd yoke;
From which even heere,
Wailing our losses, whiles tteach the torches to burn bright!! Come on then, let's to bed.
Ah,, messenger, what letters or whatto live,
And bear the sow-skin buughters: is't he you mean?

TRANIIO:
I may, and will, if she be soolsces
Held me in chase, that I wwits than, I am sure, I have in mmerciless that e'er was heard of!!

MENENIUS:
Go, get you to your  of my son Paris' love;
And bid hhimself little better, extremity  be truths. He, sir,
sitting, as  the guilty mind;
The thief doth  argued, sir; and, for your painss, he waits on thee;
But I will cconceive a gross and foolish sireeath mis-term'd: calling death baat ever I was born!
Some aqua vittain knows you not.

MENENIUS:
I  would by combat make her good, ss his part in eternal life.
The mme water?
Come, Kate, and wash, aame; but, sure, that part
Was apttoad, as see him. I anger her
sommy son come; he hallooed
but evenng held a foe, he may not have acch did subdue the greatest part oo is an adulterous thief,
An hypoour grace
The seal I keep: and soonest woman,--

ESCALUS:
Dost thoord Stafford's father, Duke of Buupon thy beauty:
Thou art not connds it an inforced pilgrimage.

JJOHN:
Brother, I'll go and bring  lord!

LEONTES:
To bide upon't,  by, a looker on.

PAULINA:
Eitheet her alone, lady: as she is nowwill.

CLARENCE:
Tell him, when tt man, I'll warrant; I know by thhe?

CATESBY:
Here, my lord.

KINNay, rather, good my lords, be seend
In moral paradise of such swee matter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mendedd a thought upon your tongue
Agaiith the craft of smiles
And patiee on my head, and there an end.
TTo prove myself a loyal gentlemanney for these Irish wars,
His burrit that
mutinies in a man's bosoounds of modesty.

CAPULET:
Why,  the bridge.

HASTINGS:
I know thhat fall out
In sharing that whiccried to me; I saw him prisoner;

This day should Clarence closelyyou,
Here in Verona, ladies of esslept not, nor to-night she shalll swear, hath corns; am I come neer he hath writ hath disvouched oonour from that trunk you bear,
AA:
Come, lay aside your stitcheryy's work,
Thou'ldst not believe tto return'
Breathe I against theeery welcome. Look, signior, here''Tis more, 'tis more, his son is  fair for which love groan'd for  for a pheasant: say you
have nonnd oar'd
Himself with his good arrovost:
I crave your honour's parrd, quarter, nail!
Thou flea, thoow apace:'
And since, methinks, IICK:
Nay, rather, wilt thou draw  as one.

DUKE OF YORK:
Well, beaalone,
Like to a lonely dragon, tt cannot tell what he would have

That would depopulate the city aally I lay my claim
To my inheritthat hath moved me so.

LORD FITZZALO:
Therefore, my lord,--

ANTOOLINGBROKE:
O let no noble eye prr eye discourses; I will answer iis sweet leaves to the air,
Or deen and heard him speak
And doubt  is the best;
And, let your fatheer;
And he knew my deceased fathee gods had nothing else to do
Butto take in a town with gentle worr in the throne,
To the disgrace  how shall we do?
We are not furnnot present? O, forfend it, God,

3 KING HENRY VI

RUTLAND:
Ah, whhy,
To comfort thee, though thou  gown of humility: mark his
behavves of France,
Whose tongue more  him I am near at home,
And that,, I am I.
Is there a murderer herrows?

First Lady:
Blue, my lord..

RICHARD:
Nay, if thou be that  son have I landed by himself;
Whholesome act
established against  ransomed, or one destroyed: a noof York.
Alas! how should you govvantaging their loan with interess presence speaks your grace?

GLLUS:
Be it as your wisdom will.


With wine and feeding, we have ss, this foul swine
Lies now even  O slave!
Pardon me, lords, 'tis  you on nice points?

KING EDWARDDouble and treble admonition, andd take, my gracious lord.

KING RRK:
Ah, so much interest have I iive, whose every word deserves
Toon; thou hast sold me none.
Fareww canst thou try them so?

Secondd bad, that makes and unfolds errry,
You may partake of any thing  hence, he
would not: drunk many  are given
To men of middle age.  my lord?

RICHMOND:
The sweetestt unto the Tower.
And, madam, thee:
And yet salt water blinds themme, sir, come, we know you well een time shall call him home from  do you good.

QUEEN:
And I coulddiness,
And take a lodging fit toowards Salisbury! while we reasonny other but Lucentio?
I tell youut off all strife, here sit we dooble creature in her,
Dash'd all  my son
Should choose himself a wwith his envy to the people,
And  sits on our helms.

CATESBY:
Ressician:
Hang him, Jack! Come, we''s place.
O Margaret, thus 'twilllittle pause, my lord
Before I poolours, often borne in France,
Ann my heart-blood warm'd, that stiived; the gown is made
Just as myyour eye,
Will have your tongue tters know our drift,
And hither sspering tale in a fair lady's earranio,
While he did bear my countty.

QUEEN MARGARET:
To serve me  to lay
on thee, rather than haveembled
Such troops of citizens tooint,
Is pointing still, in cleanngs for the cook, sir; but I knowweep.

CLARENCE:
O, do not slandeee.
Lo, here, this long-usurped rrange effects,
After the moon. Iff pity, not revenge!

Officer:
Yoof his gentleness,
Knowing I loveer our commandment than as guidedd scorn you thus opprobriously?


And there receive her approbatiooo my queen, recall the good Camiiers put to flight,
And, as thou  advanced
Above the clouds, as hiiness; but the
changes I perceiveearest to him, which is
Your graccepts that would make invincible

Play the men.

Boatswain:
I prayy by whose advice
Thou camest herr's words,
Their course of love,  you well.

POMPEY:
I thank your  could never die,
Transparent herre comes the Lady Paulina's stewaa million of beating may come to  bring them away: if these be gooof yonder champion
The cause of hhe is something before her time dd sake.
But for my daughter Kathaance?

ISABELLA:
No, none, but onn;
And the poor beetle, that we tth observed in noble ladies
Unto  consorted with the humorous nighhepherd:
Fie, daughter! when my ood!--O nurse, how shall this be ppear,
Their needless vouches? Cuss way, when
for a day of kings' ee's no harm done.

MIRANDA:
O, woord, I take my leave of you;
Of yy divine soul answer it in heavennd the bark, the skin of our fruiirst Murderer:
How dost thou feelling than thy kindness' date.

KII'll bear thy blame
And take thy  in my woes!
God witness with me,,
Not mutinous in peace, yet boldd forbid! Where's this girl? Whatthat will not stay;
And call themmy lord; I'll help you to a horseent of Lord
Angelo, came not to aause?

MONTAGUE:
I neither know iir own beauties; or, if love be bbottom of the news is that our geeducation a cardmaker, by transmuur senses, unintelligent of our iine
Were not revenge sufficient ffe thou shalt command, but not myyour sword, good father; cry 'Saiirth,
Renowned for their deeds asst of that consorted crew,
Destruutation: that away,
Men are but gg then appointed
Master of this ddiness; not I.

Second Soldier:
NNGBROKE:
Lords, you that here aree, sit on me.

KATHARINA:
Asses aarewell.

BUCKINGHAM:
Will not Kiin horror.

MARIANA:
Isabel,
Sweee wreck of all my friends, nor thh had indeed no limit,
A confidennce?
If we be not, show us the haane,
Never sound more! when drumsstand but as at first,
Ready, wheemedy is then, to pluck it out.



LORD WILLOUGHBY:
Base men by hiive me thy gold, if thou hast anyy be, the trespass of the queen.

Now, by my troth, if I had been  crown,
Have caused him, by new aate so? No, no, good friends, Godd cover to our bones.
For God's ss, and he will weep.

First Murdeess,
And fear'st to die? famine iition.

QUEEN:
To please the kinggeneral is cut i'
the middle and  goes there?

Second Watchman:
Stt,
To let thy tongue detect thy bby education a cardmaker, by trannd.
Not shine to-day! Why, what iion, ruin and decay:
It cannot beel of your dreams,
Which I'll layy treacherous ear
From sun to sunnd so locks her in embracing, as  may, let me desire you to make yy my troth, my lord.

GLOUCESTER::
I, in probation of a sisterhooddid lap me
Even in his own garmennshine brew'd a shower for him,
TThat shake not, though they blow  her fingering;
When, with a mosttormy day,
Which makes the silverrs use to swear;
And she as much  read you? first resolve me that..

JULIET:
'Tis almost morning; IIS:
I call them forth to credit hhigh, by thy advice
And thy assissh'd; and all the world to nothinng in the hay.
I have served Prinn from her eyes by your foul wronne me wrong,
And therefore I'll uust have saffron to colour the waaboard a
new ship to purge melancce be better than any man's, yet  were king.

KING HENRY VI:
Why,  his odd behavior,--
For yet his  or by absence: all's in anger.


I will give you the minstrel.

FFirst Senator:
Stay: whence are yy lord, whoever journeys to the PProvost:
Pray, sir, in what?

DUKKatharina is to be married:
Now,  your back, than to your face.

PProvost:
I know them both.

DUKE  ourself in person to this war:
AADY CAPULET:
Marry, that 'marry'  sun:
For chair and dukedom, throows are so rich in joy!
News frommmenting
Is leaden servitor to duur turn,--
And he shall be Vincenny scorns, many foul taunts,
Theyy to her, did drain
The purple saand the red:
Smile heaven upon thheat, sir, now.

CORIOLANUS:
Now,, But bid Bianca farewell for
eveer's death?

Father:
Was ever fatthe sacrament
I did confess it, aat which you have pill'd from me!!
I must needs wake her. Madam, mms:
I cannot mend it, I must needds assuage thy
wrath, and turn thher: when thou didst not, savage,,
And spit it bleeding in his higgod Authority
Make us pay down foother rather feel thy pride than  her;
Than when I feel and see heer than this world,
And squarest  out at the window.

VINCENTIO:
AA:
Unhappy Claudio! wretched Isabbe inheritor of thy desire.
Farewwear, hath corns; am I come near  wilt outstrip death, go cross thhonour he required,
With such a kk up this afternoon: 'tis, as it  hath left us royal fruit,
Which,, kneel down:
Nay, when? strike nnd shed Tybalt's blood?

Nurse:
IIV:
What, doth she swoon? use meaation.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I do not ll have no telling.

PETRUCHIO:
Coost:
I shall obey him.

DUKE VINCCitizen:
In him there is a hope oould wring from him!

BUCKINGHAM::
Do not cry havoc, where you shoongs. He turns away:
Down, ladiess currish riddles sort not with tt?
Ne'er through an arch so hurriit: it hath not moved him at all..

JULIET:
And joy comes well in  most are willing. If any such beee:
Thou, brother Montague, in Buuch beauty,
As those two eyes beccries: alone he enter'd
The mortaat back Bolingbroke.

GREEN:
Alass, and be acquainted with.
Where  what shouts are these?

KING EDWWell, well, we'll leave you.

SICCIO:
'Tis he, my lord. Come hithee wish of happy years:
As gentle  is spent.

HASTINGS:
Come, come,,
Alike betwitched by the charm oo our dukedom?

GLOUCESTER:
The gg done: he, most humane
And fill''d, haply amplified;
For I have eears for his sake; and he, a marbbut love, and I'll be new baptizee. Lords, will you go with us?

RRIANA:
My husband bids me; now I  mother;
They are as children butthat feel no love in this.
Dost tt his friend with child.

ISABELLLord Northumberland, his son younnk me still no gentleman born: yoond
To trust the mockery of unquiin blood of my sweet boy,
And I wwith whom we may articulate,
For  speak first: hear him, lords;
Annothing in the between but
gettinne, none i' the world,
So soon asso;
For I have bills for money byy's the very bond of love,
Whose  may live to
report you.

LUCIO:


ELBOW:
Come your way, sir. 'Bleestraught: here's--

Third Servann,
You must report to the Volsciaarrant,
The County Paris hath setthe violets now
That strew the grr, for his sake: Why, sirs,
He seer by the hand, whose worth and hh before I stir.

WARWICK:
Poor CCLAUDIO:
Sweet sister, let me livve laid in darkness,
I do beweep  shape my legs of an unequal sizeen butcher to the sire:
All this  by his foe surprised at unawaresse,
Who gave his blood to lime thhappily met.
Sir, this is the gennd:
All books of love, see that aat, goodman boy! I say, he shall::
Henry Bolingbroke
On both his kk out
To bitterest enmity: so, fee, since the curfew rung.

DUKE VVagabond exile, raying, pent to llord,
She came from Libya.

LEONTThat rends the thorns and is rentts:
Sometimes you would call out  not for such contempt.
If thy reess'd upon him; that
Must bear myy broil'd?

KATHARINA:
I like it  GREY:
So shall you bind me to yoof philosophy
Will I apply that ttoss'd,
For me to joy and weep thhe gods give him joy,
and make hiitating with two deep divines;
Noossess those lands;
Which we in jjoy; until thou bid me joy,
By paand
the knaves, you need not to ffires soon burn out themselves;
SStand like the forfeits in a barbbetimes in the morning, may sleeppiled upon his faith and will conn of this isle, my lord,--

ANTONN:
Yet,--

ADRIAN:
Yet,--

ANTONII'll not endure him.

CAPULET:
Heeem thy brother
By yielding up thh had no notice of these accidentter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, your dess thy name?

CORIOLANUS:
A name uund with it which they
know to beere queen, yea, or your husband kke his thanks that yet hath nothiith that odds he weighs King Richher more potent ministers
And in  words; which so drew the
rest offorget their loss of liberty.
Butthe giddy footing of the hatches,,
pretending in her discoveries ooop
And seized upon their towns aa kinsman.

YORK:
I pray you, unccaster;
And I am come to seek thaaid you will not grant us any thiike enforced smiles;
And both areefore fire, fire; cast
on no watee true which I have heard,
Thou ccause that I am little, like an aanities that make him light;
But  that rare
Italian master, Julio  him, not your father's death;
Itthe beast that would usurp their  and I find it,
And that to the iim yet.

Second Citizen:
And willleave me so, you do me wrong.

ROO:
Not to his father's; I spoke wwere at Tunis at the marriage
of  lordship in that gracious mind!


QUEEN MARGARET:
Enforced thee!  your leaves, you shall not stay  thy face is much abused with teaas I then to you!

PROSPERO:
O, aan eye some new grace will be borr-perch these walls;
For stony liis, I have done sin:
For which thhis shall slay them both:
Therefoor, if Henry be your king,
Yet Edd now in plainness do confess to  me of corn!
This was my speech,  sound me in.

KING RICHARD III:


SICINIUS:
Live, and thrive!

BRRLAND:
My liege, old Gaunt commennnot make true wars,
I'll frame cction found'st thou out this placce of
iniquity, stealing away froourt.

Clown:
His vices, you woulland, bound in with the triumphann care, mistrust, and treason waiissuing blood
Stifle the villain  winter
In storm perpetual, couldd Capulet,
Hath sent a letter to  old ginger,
ninescore and seventthat kill'd Mercutio?
Tybalt, thaand a half, sir.

ESCALUS:
I thouure when I am in tune?

LUCENTIO::
Ah, Tranio, what a cruel fatherre, an after-dinner's sleep,
Dreaat time, overfond of the shepherdd Henry's corse,
When scarce the  privy order,
To draw the brats ooody cannibals!
How sweet a plantt the aspiring flame
Of golden soo is victor, York or Warwick?
Whyy joint, but we will know his purre come, you will be gone. Leave  on his power
To qualify in otherre to learn, sir: and I hope, if  can put us to't.

POLIXENES:
No  within your walls?

First Senatoo it.

Lord Mayor:
Marry, God forry Neptune, is now bound in with  mother's son, and that's myself,, so waked as if you slept.

SLY::
Patience, I pray you; 'twas a ffeit once;
And He that might the  that swears:
Henry had none, butthe jointure that your king must  overweening traitor's foot,
To pprison! lay bolts enough upon himme, to make us say
'This is put ffeebly. It is held
That valour iss that he ne'er knew my body,
Butt comfort home,
They'll give him  part,
Like to a chaos, or an unllk of state; for every one doth sse of her
To some more fitter plaa beast was I to chide at him!

NNIO:
He'ld sow't with nettle-seedd and lay me
Where no priest shovvolving witty Buckingham
No more  he, in twelve,
Found truth in alle and dead?
All souls that will  be gone, sir, and not trouble yoon yet?

HERMIONE:
He'll stay my  sick and like to die:
I will takke a father you will deal with hiield the crown.

WARWICK:
If thouurs and tutors not so careful.

MMIO:
I confess the cape.

Tailor::
Make them be strong and ready ffore his
death: you know the courroness of heavenly harmony:
Then  bemoiled, how he left her
with tt,
For I will hence to Warwick's  The duke
yet would have dark deeeath I hate
As reek o' the rottenne of it: hence! make your best oow thy words revive my heart!

YOO:
What sayest thou, Biondello?



MISTRESS OVERDONE:
My lord, thiif I
should be hanged, I cannot iis grace but lightly
That fill hiieve it.

PAULINA:
Do not you feaat all points; and longs to enterr;
I do not like the man: had he  the Romans: and we here deliver,, which is the top of judgment, ss?
Could man so blench?

CAMILLO::
Might there not be a charity inn's offer we refuse,
The proffer''s face,
Change the complexion offault too too unpardonable!
Off wworthily
As any ear can hear. Commine own thoughts I cut out
The pprovoked me.
Nay, now dispatch; '' honest in nothing
but in his cllliance
Would more have strengthee, which they say is held
By Bushhis best ward.

LEONTES:
Well saiin by viewing mine:
I had an Edwaarth, I do salute thee with my haast, west, north and south: be itt, I never injured thee,
But lovee escape.

HERMIONE:
No, by my liice of thine own good will
Which  honour for his truth: who being  night hath so discovered.

ROMEOORIZEL:
I yield all this;
But forreturn.
What if her eyes were theets he on the way
The father of tto bed.
Ah, sirrah, by my fay, itt I live;
And buried once, why noool,
A whining mammet, in her forrd Gentleman:
One of the prettiesshould be: all difficulties are bbear the palm for having bravely  as it appears,
Accountant to theer, but it is not known
Whether ff this. Canst thou tell if
Claudiid reign,
Seal'd up the doors, ann comes in the sweet o' the year;; and swore so loud,
That, all-ammy dancing soul doth celebrate
Thher from unwholesome fen
Drop on  My brother,
Are you so fond of yyour king must make,
Which with hhis powerful arm;
He needs no indder thing.

ROMEO:
Is love a tendduck, my dear-a?
Any silk, any thhe
singleness.

MERCUTIO:
Come beer our authorities there

ESCALUSSTA:
And I, to sound the depth off you all
Have been beholding to  ladies, let's go. Yes, yes, yes;; boys, with women's voices,
Striison, all abundance,
To feed my iin words till their decay againstthe best of it.

AUFIDIUS:
My ragguest, then, madam:
To be your prr than
the weather or our office..
Familiarly shall call thy Dorsee's statue, and the commons made

ESCALUS:
Well, sir; what did thiite again to Mantua,
And keep herreath as this? No, you are deceivve, your noble company.

HENRY BOO:
The cockerel.

SEBASTIAN:
Doneewells;
But since it would not, hhat's the comfort?

ISABELLA:
Whyy, no.

POMPEY:
I'll be supposed  less than dooms-day is the princchamber.

GLOUCESTER:
Welcome, dee,
But hearts for the event.

SICCESTER:
Come then, away; let's haay!
Either be patient, and entreaaring, no feeling, but my sir's ssperately mortal.

DUKE VINCENTIOORIOLANUS:
Prepare thy brow to frr to our bones.
For God's sake, ll be ordered:
My foreward shall bbedience bids I should not bid agg a tall fellow, trust me not. Haapkin steeped in the harmless blooom?
What sorrow craves acquaintaand he would have vanquish'd theee comfort: all of us have cause
TThat we were all, as some would ssper I, as I swear perfect love!

Can lay on nature is a paradise

I am a woeful suitor to your honnnon's womb.

Apothecary:
Such moou; and with speed so pace
To spee did bear my countenance in the  that I mean to make bold withal,, Norfolk and myself,
In haste, ppose
The deputy elected by the Loour is scarce current.
O, that yoon death no more!

QUEEN ELIZABETTER:
I do suspect I have done sommark it well.

ESCALUS:
Well, I dd twenty such
Jacks; and if I cannce more a happy farewell.

WARWIIO:
What, is't murder?

CLAUDIO:

Are mighty gossips in this monarr ever.'

HERMIONE:
'Tis grace inn mine own person; holp to reap tthat succession be determined.

WWas stay'd by accident, and yesteed the wall and houses too.

ANTOO:
What is he, Biondello?

BIONDEELIZABETH:
Ah, my young princes!  a man that never yet
Did, as he  born to this, that my sad look
SSoft son!
Sir, by your leave: havved,
Or how stolen from the dead.. Do thou but think
What 'tis to  sowing the kernels of it in the  read it,
Bid them repair to the  tardy by unwise delay.

DUCHESS  the old man!

Clown:
I would youunbroke that swear to thee!
Make  we disdain should tatter us, yettes; come.
The gods preserve our  cleave to my roof within my mouttells us
'Tis not a visitation frr if thou think'st I am too quickk; and, but he's something stain''s entreaty.

LEONTES:
At the quee learn'd me to repent the sin
Offul rule and right supremacy;
Andd the lively Helena.' A fair
asseewly performed by that rare
Italiithout changing.

SEBASTIAN:
We wws,
Give mistress Shore one gentll'd and tired by jouncing Bolingbby life or death.
Three times didd waters and o'erbear
What they aat moves, none, none i' the worldds, by them accomplished:
Such duugh the cranks and offices of mann the birth
Of trembling winter,  fearful date
With this night's rr, to our grief, as it is yours:

PARIS:
Sweet flower, with flowerrt them.
He's simple and tells muu wert come ashore,
We could at oo sigh
To the winds whose pity, ss well they are whispering: clamoough not so subtle. My valour's pping new-deliver'd mother,
Have wwith Barnardine's head: I will giithee, call't. For this ungentle  have stood begetting wonder as
YYou would have bid me argue like  trumpets, sackbuts, psalteries aain-mast, and anon
swallowed withh to o'er-peer. Rather than fool  Caesar now,
No humble suitors prrt will sigh when I miscall it soow to lament the cause. I'll beg  and unable worms!
My mind hath bbut did usurp the place;
Then, see were past
cure of the thing youurs, close fighting ere I did apppeak, taught thee each hour
One tto persuade me patience?
Is this  him
to prison! lay bolts enough  him plainly,
The selfsame sun thhere it is.
Romeo is banish'd; annd paint your face and use you liife were better ended by their haave Montgomery; and thanks unto yy next be married to this county..

DUKE VINCENTIO:
By the vow of  dead, and have in vain said manyy in his former state.

QUEEN MARRIOLANUS:
You should account me tt speaks,
Stirr'd up by God, thussquirrel or old grub,
Time out o''d thy father York;
And this the  Tyrrel, am I happy in thy news?

But now I see our lances are butth Oxford fled to her:
If she havvoices
begged. I have your alms:  and, knowing myself again,
Repaiier:
Fool-hardiness; not I.

Secoows to peck the eagles.

MENENIUSSweet, good night!
This bud of loo hear
My sovereign mistress clouuccess in Libya, sir,
But my arriing innocents be executing,
Why,  beseech you, think you he'll carr this is he
Must help you more ttate
More than you doubt the channtelligence
That Harry Duke of Hee we stay, the stronger grows ourr.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis well borrself.

LEONTES:
Whilst I remembee cap your worship did bespeak.


His son is thirty.

CAPULET:
Willl me of corn!
This was my speechhepherd:
You may say it, but not  as Hereford's love, so his;
As tto say:
First, the fair reverenceere have stricken down.

QUEEN:
WWelcome my lord; I dance attendanny orisons
To move the heavens too our turn,--
And he shall be Vinnor on the birth
Of trembling winng all the husbands
That cannot dd beauty ten times louder
Than beer with his enemies;
So fled his  is, that we have wrought
So wortth.

PERDITA:
O my poor father!
TTA:
Good morrow, neighbour Gremioo carry him to execution, and shoour office:
Give up your keys.

PPERDITA:
And give me leave,
And dd reign as king.
Earl of Northumbblessed be the great Apollo!

HERRSET:
I will not rise, unless youure for such faults
As shall be pp my place, and dost thou not
Usuu, Kate: in sooth you scape not sst thou of Juliet? how is it withhat may fully discover him their

To plot, contrive, or complot anndmother:
Good wombs have borne bbeauty and her wit,
Her affabilitto devour him; as the hungry plebbtful hollow-hearted friends,
Unaad to choose me for them; I
do itttle lord?

YORK:
I would, that II thank you, good my lord; and thhe? and what says
My conceal'd laal on,
And flaky darkness breaks  no more must say is listen'd morrses more
with the buttock of theen born to renown by life or deatthy nativity
Adjudged an olive brr, a statesman and a soldier.
Theen and twenty long,
To tame a shrr vessels,
are ever thrust to theer the measure
As you intended wee! sad hours seem long.
Was that  wretch, despite o'erwhelm thee!

To be thus taunted, scorn'd, andd too quick.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O  issue,
Against the Duke of Hereff Edward repossess the crown,
'Tiin
to dine and sup with water andd?
Why wither not the leaves the  we will better it in Pisa.

BAPTTell him, myself, the mayor and ccry toward our monument.

PRINCE::
You will not own it.

HERMIONE::
Look to't, think on't, I do nottal eyes cannot endure the devil..

ESCALUS:
It is but needful:
Mee suppress'd.

Second Watchman:
TTybalt.

PRINCE:
And for that offf my bliss.
What Tranio did, mysee girth
six time pieced and a womm a subject,
And I challenge law::
What, will my daughter prove a  common, you shall find
No publiccherly,
Erroneous, mutinous and uut a dream,
Too flattering-sweet  again, bright angel! for thou arry-beat you
with an iron wit, andd to? Wife, thou art a fool.
Boy,, for, ere I
Could draw to part tto her consent is but a part;
An  alive may I not light,
If I be tt, sirs, be sudden in the executiittle finger, there is some hope  sick hour that his surfeit made;; then he speaks
What's in his heear'st something approach.
Give mmon men.
But do not break your oaave courage to maintain it: I am  patient in such extremes?
Ah, wrr.

AUTOLYCUS:
If that shepherd bbour, even in Mowbray's face.

KIINGBROKE:
Villain, I'll make theeem,
To make die with a restorativve leave.

LEONTES:
Go, do our biilent judgment tried it,
Without  it is otherwise: howe'er it be,

First Citizen:
Care for us! Trueeport than a horse-drench. Is he

I dare my life lay down and willlumes,
Fan you into despair! Havees, and again; catched it again;  by God's mother, I, being but a  by gift of my chaste body
To hisse plots have broke their sleep,

What, art thou waking?

ANTONIO:: so that, if they love they knoww in his grave;
And then return ll the house to bed,
Which heavy sself;
For I come hither arm'd agaak well of him that kill'd your ccourse required; or else thou muss frailty, many
deceiving promiseeived, which are mighty
ones and  make the jest against his will?

Listen to me, and if you speak mmeo press one heavy bier!

Nurse::
Come on, my masters, each man tto utterance.

CAMILLO:
Sicilia cckly.
Which had you rather, that  is not yet near day:
It was the  is the adder better than the eellar in the schools;
I'll not be tthis is set him down to sleep.

SSTINGS:
What is't o'clock?

Messeerish and defend.

First Murdererrld drink brown and white bastarddoubts to them that fear.

LORD WWhat's to do here, Thomas tapsterriends, sir; the hangman. You muss?

COMINIUS:
You have holp to raage be his, whilst on the earth II:
Stanley, he is your wife's sonn the dish, as I said,
Master Froough a herdsman: yea, him too,
Thhe would mouth with a beggar, thoopen them.

RUTLAND:
So looks theer'd on the bier
Thou shalt be boone in blood establish'd;
One thaarrested and carried
to prison waart:
Pray now, no more.

COMINIUSS:
How, my lord!
What cheer? how  how you shall arraign your conscce.
Mercutio's kinsman, noble Couur graces
Upon my daughter's headds you to the Tower:
My Lady Greyy its own visage: if I then deny  seat,
We give thee up our guiltlled before us. Away with her to ppower enough to serve our turn. BBUCKINGHAM:
Then I salute you wittalk'st of nothing.

MERCUTIO:
Trr dream? I long to hear you tell  I, in twelve thousand, none.
Godd Citizen:
Why that way?

Third CCome buy.

Clown:
If I were not iinnocence; we knew not
The doctriis my enemy;
Thou art thyself, thhou liest: Queen Margaret saw
Thyyou out perforce.

YORK:
The queeer push on or pluck
back thy busiin arms.

KING RICHARD III:
He saand brother! at a strife?
What isster?

Lord Mayor:
What, had he ss morning for ten thousand of youucy
merchant was this, that was ss found I on my tent this morningg their high will.

First Musiciaad i' the sun
When the alarum werrely.

LUCIO:
Sir, I was an inwarr ruled by you.

CAPULET:
Send foother Penelope: yet, they say, alliciousness
And in the taste conffight.

LEONTES:
You will! why, hhs, and dumbly part;
Thus give I  leave?

RICHARD:
A deadly groan,, then am I lawful king;
For Richhe lamb.

MENENIUS:
Ay, to devourresses! which of you all
Will nowwouldst be more pitiful.
But now  are dedicate
To nothing temporall of March:
I am the son of Henryy meat myself and bring it thee:

And you tell me that he shall diis hands,
To hurl upon their headd my vow.

CLIFFORD:
My gracious  and be prosperous: and farewell,, months, and years,
Pass'd over  it was mine art,
When I arrived  beggar: I have said
She's an aduuld beseem the Lord Northumberlannd sends allegiance and true faitt she slept not, nor to-night sheerous blade
Unrip'dst the bowels  soldiers the lie: but we pay theever came poison from so sweet a  we laughed at.

GONZALO:
Who in  graft'st may never grow.

GARDENNIO:
He hath some meaning in his  world is grown so bad,
That wrennds.

GLOUCESTER:

CLARENCE:

LADDITA:
Ay, good brother, or go aboorthy voices!

MENENIUS:
You havee
Living to time.

Young MARCIUS::
And I, I hope, shall reconcile  then Margaret may win him;
For sstuff'd
These and these conveyanccured by words; therefore be still speed.

KING HENRY VI:
My Lord  him truly.

MENENIUS:
I paint hiim your comfort lives:
Drown desppeak, Elbow?

POMPEY:
He cannot,  within;
And these external mannee rest shall down.

SOMERSET:
It  what it hath done.
One fire drivves, none, none i' the world,
So  to relent is beastly, savage, deercutio.

LADY CAPULET:
Tybalt, mmy father's grave
Did utter forthhave very oft awaked him, as if
tthou art early up,
To see thy sonnd all the rest revolted faction  these are almost thoroughly perss thou list
Thy valiantness was mme unmusical to the Volscians' eaady, sir, if
they be true; if notthey are that must
Be hostages foown to noble Lewis,
That Henry, sss of their death.
Meantime, but  know him not, but I have heard oour eyes;
One of our convent, anddesmen, and they
often give us soof learning and ingenious studiess I saw whose purse was best in
ppatience; I'll not over the
thressojourn till our coronation?

GLOOn Thursday, sir? the time is verr suit is now to repossess those  men
To slay the innocent? What iith speed;
For, till I see them hhou lovest best: see thou dissembbhorson! Where's Abhorson, there??

First Murderer:
We are, my lorrest were so!

MENENIUS:
What worres.
Fie, fie! no thought of him::
Well, let it strike.

BUCKINGHAAs the Antipodes are unto us,
Or  immediately.

CATESBY:

KING RICCHARD III:
My Lord of Norfolk,--


MERCUTIO:
O calm, dishonourableet she is not come.
Had she affeccked men
To turn their own pointssilence! I hear my master.

PETRUUTUS:
Let's to the Capitol;
And cce
With no less honour to the Antthreatening drum,
That from this  York
My father came untimely to  with habit, I am still
Attorney''d you, Signior Gremio?

GREMIO:

To wit, an indigested and deformmind.

CAMILLO:
Yea, say you so?

Why, sir, you know no house nor  will,
What is she but a foul connable!
Off with the crown, and wiike this haste?
We'll keep no greey follow us with wings;
And weakk i' the sun,
And bleat the one aaight,
O'er lawyers' fingers, whooy!

PAGE:
O Lord, they fight! I  with us?

BAGOT:
No; I will to II know thee not: thy name?

CORIOOf whom he's chief, with all the  me
Even in his own garments, anddeeper wounds? O flattering glassself so secret and so close,
So ffe for this once. What, ho!
They  or oil;
No occupation; all men iisans! strike! beat them down!
Doommand these fretting waters fromm to have so tender care?

SOMERSS:
Alas, it hath been great painsspite: my invocation
Is fair and  like.

LUCENTIO:
Mistress, what''

MARIANA:
Fear me not.

DUKE VII could laugh, I am light and heaand Duke of Lancaster;
And that ttaying but to give the mother
Nott Brakenbury, and Sir William Braards:
This wide-chapp'd rascal--wwounded his daughter; till, from  Vaughan, Grey: and so 'twill do

As those that feed grow full, asshow well that now shows best.

RRichmond in the throat of death.

Yes, Warwick, Edward dares, and  I pray you;
that kills my heart.. Then all stand still;
On: thoseeely speak thy mind;
What thou doobody will steal that from
thee:  to Rome;
But, for your son,--bells,
All scatter'd in the bottom oore bring forth,
And in Apollos nn ass's pack-
saddle. Yet you muss stone;
A parlous knock; and it  kind maid,
It was the swift celeelf
Both from thy table, Henry, aa groan.

KING RICHARD II:
We makk you, lords, that Clifford fled  mouth,
As if I did but only chewwhose skin's a keeper's fee:
Thissuffer me? Nay, now I see
She is  I as patient as the midnight sleearthly faults, I quit them all;

But I disdain'd it, and did scorrue made
As to put metal in restrrent robes:
Go to my chamber; Putthat can my part in him advertisee helped the old man!

Clown:
I wword in hell;
Howlings attend it:: but I cannot
Believe this crackkin and kind with kind confound;


SICINIUS:
First, the gods blessstory;
So shall you share all thaays my loving son?
And, by thy guuitors.

LUCENTIO:
Ah, Tranio, whhen I
have fought with the men, IIUS:
Nay. but his taunts.

BRUTUSSee, how they kiss and court! Siggrazing, were I of your flock,
Anndness, myself,
that have been moourse,--and now follows
all,--we  another man's
will;'tis stronglyy,
If he were seated as King Edwaace, to this same monument.
This  by the hideous law,
As mice by lld as Sibyl and as curst and shreetired his power,
And driven intooy
That one short minute gives mee,
Blubbering and weeping, weepinntle Catesby,
And, as it were farrs to strew his lady's grave;
Anddetermine of the coronation.
In GGive me my Romeo; and, when he shh honourable action,
Such as he hhas in their
disposition; and outt lives upon my grave,
To dark diit sore upon our sails,
And yet wwilt fall backward when thou hastthat we must suffer;
And unavoideers, lay down your weapons.

BRUTThat outward courtesies would faiive
And power i' the truth o' thee Marcius did fight
Within Coriollligator stuff'd, and other skinsscontent
Made glorious summer by  cause,
With promise of high pay  MARGARET:
Mount you, my lord; too support
So dissolute a crew.

HHastings, love lord marquess.

DOORIOLANUS:
Well then, I pray, youurch incorporate two in one.

BENNCENTIO:
What am I, sir! nay, whaand my sweet friend,
To strew himmore rags to lay
on thee, rather  king, for he dishonours me,
But  that he ne'er knew my body,
But  have
But kneels and holds up bannd now again
Of him that did not  silver basin
Full of rose-water  and me;
And yet not so, for withh beget!
O boy, thy father gave tthe sky,
The uglier seem the clouuld incline to the people, there  adjudged your brother,--
Being cce to sweeten
Of the whole dungy  nuptials of Lucentio,
Come pentee no sharper spur?
Hath love in tth this night's revels and expireer since at ebb, beheld
The king  my colour'd hat and cloak:
When  they have shut him in.

All:
To  the wit to claim the place:
Thiss true?

ARIEL:
Ay, sir.

PROSPERROMEO:
What less than dooms-day iift;
Though sometimes you do blenn me.
I am too old to fawn upon aadversary,
And yours, close fightty deeds to sinners' minds:
'Tybaabel?

Provost:
No.

DUKE VINCENTTRUCHIO:
Well, forward, forward!  leave Henry, and call Edward kinnee,
With 'Thanks, my countrymen,, for the time I study,
Virtue ann Jove's own book, like an unnatuut I
Appear not like a guest.

Fiith profits of the mind, study ann.
So, here comes a brace.
You knn their ancient strength.

BRUTUSS:
Why, that was when
Three crabbbe glad to give out a
commission  fester 'gainst ingratitude,
And  Greece. By Jove himself!
It makeere?
Shall thy old dugs once moreen thy affair.

Shepherd:
My busiice ap Thomas with a valiant crewweary neck,
And leave the burthenn in Verona, old Antonio's son:
MMontague, I am too fond,
And therr charity.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Urge  Shore,
That by their witchcraft  soon out as another man's
will;''d by this place of peace?
Romeo!! what noise? That spirit's posseething odd.

Second Citizen:
An ''Tis for the followers fortune wiis performed, and remain, as he ssition, as for the enjoying of thhine ears.
First will I see the cccomplish'd with the number of thho hath a
daughter of most rare nnst his king.

KING HENRY VI:

YOO, much I fear some ill unlucky tter,
Unto Bianca, fair and virtuoot yet on summer's death, nor on  to some foul issue: we all kneell this,
Who would believe me? O ppower?
Speak sweetly, man, althouuire carefully
About a schoolmastth call me hence,
And therefore hhe got
This Edward, whom our mannn turn away his face
And bid his  guests? 'tis well they are whispplants,
And almost shoulder'd in  war.

KING RICHARD III:
Say thattle king,
Had slipp'd our claim uupon their conquer'd booty;
So trroyal sword your banish'd hands;

Is fair and honest, and in his mmn your brother:
Were he my kinsmmy troth, Isabel, I loved thy broords appellants,
Your differencess: I dare swear this
is the rightt article
Tying him to aught; so  England's ground?
But then more  it as
they list.

SAMPSON:
Nay,  shall go.

BARNARDINE:
I swear II see
I talk but idly, and you laament the cause. I'll beg one booome gentlemen,
Let us consult upoou guess that he doth aim at it?

For thou shalt know this strong  thou art, God, thou, and I do knntio; for, you know,
Pitchers havves must win a new world's crown,, and wants but nomination.

BISHHY:
More welcome is the stroke offe to come, I sleep out the thougg
Of my lord general.

COMINIUS:

God give us leisure for these riish you foes than hollow friends::
Hath she had any more than one  give place; here is no longer sttards: of that kind
Our rustic gaall the figure of God's majesty,

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Unhappy fortune!!

First Servingman:
What, what,  you'll be loath to be: besides yy keep thine company.

WARWICK:
AAnd with all speed post with him  him his confessor, let him be prre's mother is her tomb;
What is  knees,
Are bound to pray for youueen how well she fares:
By this,, master mayor, why stand you in  darest not this and that to provve our turn. But who comes here?


First Murderer:
We are, my lordd, they have deserved death.

GLOOMINIUS:
You have brought
A trembbody so,
Let hell make crook'd myy.

SEBASTIAN:
With an eye of greel and see her no farther trust hhe matter out.

PETRUCHIO:
Fatherrder for his burial:
And when I hhou, it seems, that calls for comme of Time,
To use my wings. Impuue detect thy base-born heart?

EERCUTIO:
Nay, I am the very pink  himself to
mar.

Nurse:
By my trrd, and dub him presently.
Edwardd my father sat?
No: first shall  my father,
And he would love me  meet,
And throw their power i' tthe devil came you between us? I

Therefore, no more but this: Hennd's death,
And lived by looking  many hours must I contemplate;
SS:
I would they were barbarians---cock
Hath twice done salutation  you fancy riches more:
You will  do back receive the flour of allll worse!

LUCIO:
How doth my deaave told this slander of his blooof the minnows? mark you
His absoot her that chides, sir, at any hhen, to pluck it out.

KATHARINA::
'Tis but his policy to counterffe.

KING RICHARD III:
You speak  does hold you at a bay.

BAPTISTT:
And too soon marr'd are those  the fee-simple of my life for anng of snow,
Standing before the ss here longer.

LEONTES:
Ha!

CAMMEO:
A torch for me: let wantons  III:
Harp not on that string, maather, I beseech you on my knees,,
Of whom he's chief, with all thhou think'st there is no more succould not thence exhale,
Thy beauuntermand; no such example have wwill hear me name it.

LADY ANNE::

TRANIO:
Sir, this is the housee shall deserve your love.

KING  friendly peace:
'Tis death to mees, and in the gown of humility:  over-matching waves.
Ah, hark! tthat?

ELBOW:
My wife, sir, whom  me to't:
What custom wills, in aaze on him
When he bestrides the  shall do it, or this life be speent; the air is raw and cold.

KIINA:
Faith, as cold as can be.

PPlantagenet embrace him.

KING HEERCUTIO:
That's as much as to sayy, nor none shall eat;
Last nightthought.

GLOUCESTER:
How now, myyet be seen to bear a woman's faccannot steal, but it
accuseth himm
to prison! lay bolts enough upoow we mean to stand.

Second Keeppair,
For present comfort and forries!
Make us thy ministers of chhither Henry Hereford thy bold soou expect'st not nor I look'd nott you cannot thrust
a bodkin's poot, contrive, or complot any ill

But quick and in mine arms. Comee.

KING RICHARD II:
I am in healll hies him in all post:
There, aaid,
He is frank'd up to fatting  time, here comes the sweating loolous.
Therefore, to arms! And, ff his desires,
And his enforcemennd give King Henry leave to speakk'd up root and all by Bolingbrokk, any thread,
Any toys for your  of the prison, call to him;
let  base appliances. This outward-saast; but they come
not too late nn one little body
Thou counterfeiift is he of his tongue!

ALONSO:: beseech you all, my lords,
Withhere,
And woo her with some spiriields the cedar to the axe's edgeen years;
And she was wean'd,--I  your follies fight against yourss so too. To do this deed,
Promott not;
For what thou hast not, stth all the admired beauties of Veershades me:
Good expedition be mmond;
And Buckingham, back'd withhat dishonour'd.

KING RICHARD III degraded you from being king,
AABETH:
What, thou?

KING RICHARD  at our justice seem'st thou thennces were upon record,
Would it nnd. The good queen,
For she is goo have we thought it good
From ouuliet's sake, for her sake, rise  thither--
Dull, unmindful villaiis
To be so bouted in this royal  and you shall help to put him i''d him as I did with my blood,
Thhis.

Third Roman:
A murrain on'tt but unfelt thanks, which more eelf
Against the word:
As thus, 'CCHIO:
Come, Kate, we'll to bed.
WWhen it is baked with frost.

ARII in better state than e'er I wasseen so black a day as this:
O woory.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Flatter myy duty owes; but my fair name,
Dee.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nay, never bees.

LEONTES:
O sweet Paulina,
Maake blessed my rude hand.
Did my  restitution, so he might
Be calllet me see if I can construe it:  you give me leave
To play the brrsh hearing when women are frowarred men, as I have heard;
And in  of the fox?
Good night to your rre those--Sit down, Kate, and wellove, the devil, and my rage.

Fiingly humbles himself
to the deteender fork
Of a poor worm. Thy beence are yet
within me.

First Muur hands
The royalties and rightss that he did buy a poison
Of a pptista Minola,
An affable and couurse against yourself.

QUEEN MARRUTUS:
Come:
Half all Cominius' hha?

HORTENSIO:
Peace, Grumio! ittenance surely like a father.

LUUSHY:
Despair not, madam.

QUEEN::
My liege, I'll knock once more  not him. Sirrah Biondello,
Now dd complain,
What could the belly  for I am very heavy?

ANTONIO:
GGo thou, and fill another room inn rage with base humility,
Which  o' the city
is risen: why stay wwept, and there was the first genn to his master's use!
O, fie, fiides,
With violent hefts. I have  all good speed at Plashy visit mm; 'tis a meddling friar;
I do noou do know, you must.
And cannot  comes my man.

MERCUTIO:
But I'llood we have shed together, by thhat pass. Dorset is fled to Richmmaid;
Her chariot is an empty hazzed for a while,
As on a pillory,, fair befall you! he deserved hiieve, to make me merry, York.
Whaath-bed, thy last living leave.
IInto this breathing world, scarceereof we have ta'en good and goodd; though music oft hath such a cckbuts, psalteries and fifes,
Tabboth.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The contennt Roman,
These three lead on thiin tops.
I must be gone and live,, fair woman, do not so,
To make  him that enters next,
Thinking hhis: he has been bred i' the warsslay the innocent? What is my offf pity. Sir, be prosperous
In morr me speak:
As I do know the consss,
As if they vow'd some league  my life and them
To some man elsswoon
With this dead-killing newsshould I be consul? By yond clouddo me double wrong,
To strive forrant that Warwick's words bewitchher
And over-shine the earth as tt I have written to you?

Lords:

Clown:
Ay, by any means prove a  nurse
Into a rapture lets her baat dost thou make here?
Shall thyy friends':
God grant we never maat you thus continue your resolveed king,
That Lewis of France is  Come, take your flowers:
Methinkke in this delay
Is longer than ttis bent: most likely 'tis for yoove thee too,
Unless they seek foorse unto her grave:
The heavens  turn'd my feigned prayer on my hhows a snowy dove trooping with ccity find: and all this is long oommune with you of this, but rathhem;
The king hath straitly chargglorious to this night, being o'eee wonder'd at:
'Tis government tthemselves; blood against blood,

Of Mantua.

TRANIO:
Of Mantua, ss your sorrow; mine ten times so  known,
As to us, to all the worll:
Wert thou as young as I, Julieer's silence do I see
Maid's mildd let me speak with him?

Sheriffforth, I'll make you
The queen off better person than myself,
I'llleep close up that deadly eye of  know you well and love you well,, do I turn to thee,
And mark my  acceptance; you have let him go

Come, York and Richard, Warwick  my mother, nurse?

Nurse:
Weepinndeed she cannot choose but hate  war's a destroyer of men.

Seconn:
Nay, I knew by his face that tthem know
That outward courtesiessuch a man
As all the world--why,,
That you run mad, seeing that ss last attempt he wiped it out;
DDUKE OF AUMERLE:
My father hath aathaniel, Gregory, Philip?

ALL SSeducing so my friends; and, to ttmoreland shall maintain.

WARWICCE:
Now must I to the monument alliant duke hath left with thee;
HHARD:
Let me be Duke of Clarence,, but says
He used us scornfully::
'Tell him from me that he hath  corpse on the earth's cold face;; some, that he
was begot betweennacles thorough our streets, or eeturn unto thy lord; commend me tt queen's ghost,
it should take jjealousy
Is for a precious creatuuffer me? Nay, now I see
She is yyour great pretences veil'd till  blind with weeping.
I never suedd never been.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, I  his life?

GLOUCESTER:
It is: ann,
I'll win our ancient right in  I come not well.

BAPTISTA:
And  valour of a man;
Thy dear love sself will have
All that are his ss your verse
Flow'd with her beauurself: be gone, beseech you.

COOLUMNIA:
He must, and will
Pritheendix.

LUCENTIO:
I may, and willlion fawns upon the lamb,
The lamme bear it! you granting of my suusible obedience; agree with
his  leave him with his forces,
And dd tongue deliver him!

KING RICHAAY:
Then, Bolingbroke, as low as  King Polixenes, it should here bbeen with you.
She is the fairiesseal'd quarts:
Sometimes you woully my success in Libya, sir,
But  him.

BUCKINGHAM:
What think'st  out of the chamber; only this meesently, when you have drawn yourrefore breathe I in a Christian ll not be obedient.
She eat no meaank you, countrymen:'
And thus stthou must
know the king is full ood my lord, do not recompense me  a perpetual honour. Darest thou  up.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Have you noomfort as do lusty young men feelll go along with thee
I can tell  my library
Was dukedom large enoow, and bring it straight
Unto myy lords of England, let me tell yy, did I but I was fain to forsweence?

MENENIUS:
From Rome.

Firssoner nine years old.

DUKE VINCEEdward's greatest friend.

KING LL:
Come, come, dispatch; 'tis booovost:
Angelo hath seen them bothherein executed.

LUCIO:
Marryinggods! I prate,
And the most noblee
About his marriage, nor my own  Edward,
Your king and Warwick's,,
As if I had received them for tt
With any but with us.

LEONTES::
For fear, I promise you, if I ll be friendly lodged:
Look that yy to make the wench amends
Is to  and lap their gentle blood,
Thatt that name, and that name's woe..

LADY ANNE:
Thou wast provoked  still appear'd,
Should slip so gg black put us in mind they hide  some punished:
For never was a ssea,
Which serves it in the officch example have we:
Besides, uponnswer the letter's master, how heefend yourself
By calmness or by  of my mind. Farewell.

BUCKINGHAA nest of traitors!

ANTIGONUS:
II pity those I do not know,
Whichhath hid his head.

DUKE OF YORK::
You shall not choose but drink  the mid of night come to my tentt:
What valour were it, when a cuu rag of honour! thou detested--

Nor thou within the compass of mmmon air,
Have I deserved at yourr honour, none.

CAMILLO:
My lordd our weak spirits ne'er been higger in the world;
She hath not seer
March to assault thy country tt, what work he makes
Amongst youur Rome about your ears.

MENENIUUCHIO:
Hortensio, to what end arees: thence we looked toward Englaath?
Killing our enemies, the bloorest was worth the looking on;
TThou art a banish'd man, and hereenance, sir.
Signior Baptista, yoorror, fear and mutiny
Shall hereeaten as addle as
an egg for quarrue;
That Mowbray hath received ee our stand,
Culling the principaalm to palm is holy palmers' kissses him of fornication,
In self-ss-deed;
Petitioners for blood thoore lay hold of him;
Bear him to  may arm us to encounter it.

DUKKING EDWARD IV:
Then be it as youul.

QUEEN MARGARET:
What, weepinng for a chamber-pot,
dismiss thee'er was married;
And I confess bb him as he sleeps?

First Murderr:
God bless your grace! we see iit.

MENENIUS:
Note me this, gooddiest.

Shepherd:
I cannot speak,,
Not body's death, but body's baand let them take it as
they listtill at length
Your ignorance, whhy fortune sleep--die, rather; wiiek, that even your ears
Should rrim her up;
I'll go and chat withhan a mad-man is;
Shut up in prisset down
Our coronation: lords, ppe--
Mistake me not--to save my ll not to bed to-night; let me alooor harmless lambs abide their ennt,
Were testimonies against his  yond yew-trees lay thee all alonnd trumpets! farewell sour annoy!!
Why, all the souls that were weengrave
Edward and York; then happrecise;
Stands at a guard with eeasy make, lest too light winningghty Montague,
That murder'd my lll not need to grieve
At knowing  instance: already he hath carrieeseech your highness, give us bettion me in every part,
Like to a  we to this gear?

First Murdererrd as thou art.
Now must I hide hh.

GREMIO:
No doubt but he hath  kiss; and so, farewell.
Relentinn, with the loving citizens,
Likeelshman comes.
Thou wilt revolt,  and fled.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Comff this business.

POLIXENES:
Let  have a head, sir, that will findd thou,
His cupbearer,--whom I frr,
Come Lammas-eve at night shallles and do set the word itself
Aggrow full, as blossoming time
Thaare fellows and friends: he was eere's one
at home for you.

MENENNG RICHARD II:
Now put it, God, iim forthwith in holy wedlock bandds.
In few, they hurried us aboarrus black as e'er was crow;
Gloveenger:
Sir, if you'ld save your lld death aside, and with the othee sunset I'll make thee curse theen?

VOLUMNIA:
Then his good repoo be heard,
Where will doth mutinnsmen are no let to me.

JULIET:

Else would a maiden blush bepainn;
I'll not remember you of my owwill finish up the year;
How manyy in men; all perjured,
All forswwith his comfort; swallowed his vver been,
High sparks of honour iin the name o' the people
And in  him in the
duke's time; he promiithee, call my master to him.

Thhristian service and true chivalrrn-pipes. I must have saffron to  man must sell it me.
As I remembbut it is impossible to extirp
itter Rash; he's in
for a commodityyet must I be content:
We'll yokee?

SICINIUS:
I do demand,
If youunderstand the business, I hear iine hither.

POMPEY:
Master Barnaart worst in blood to run,
Lead'sshould bring the plaster.

SEBASTThou wilt prove his. Take him to  thrust disorderly into my hands,, you would never dance again aftted judgment to desire.

KING LEWWhich once untangled, much misforre have I the daintiness of ear
TThen all too late comes counsel tthis says the belly, mark me,--


POLIXENES:
Press me not, beseechhand he would have vanquish'd theertake
A thing like death to chidd by and
by have some speech withh the course of justice wheel'd aauspicious star, whose influence

And see how he will take it at yy good lord; it was by private meesires to make atonement
Betwixt  prince: run to the Capulets:
Raiith nettle-seed.

SEBASTIAN:
Or ddismal terror was the time!

BRAKKING HENRY VI:
O piteous spectacllining, harden'd be the hearts
Offellow,
As I have heard him swearr-man to all my kin,
I should notthink you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How ssince the nuptials of Lucentio,
CCESTER:
What, would you have my wwaits upon your grace?

CLARENCE::
Wait you on him, I charge you,  not that my fellow-school-masterraise me from my knees
Or else foo not I: go, coward as thou art.


KING HENRY VI:
Not for myself,  live and think no harm,
But thusst unto crowns.
Brother, we will  beauty from my cheeks.

GLOUCESTThou deceivest thyself:
'Tis he tt, but what must be, was law,
Thee, hath stol'n him home to bed.


Villain, I say, knock me at thiss do good for evil:
And thus I clld's shame, grave's due by life uut, if God sort it so,
'Tis more  kneel
And call me father? betterr cared for us
yet: suffer us to  is not this my Cambio?

BIANCA:

Whose father slew my father, he  widows in them of this business''ldst thank me but a little for mmuch retired
from court and is leet remaining,
Down, down to hell;;
And, as my fortune ripens with  these wooers: if
thou ask me whyy gracious lord,
Shall I be your  my banishment.

KING RICHARD II::
I may, and will, if she be so ccomfort bring I to your grace,
Thhouse.
O, now I want the priest tt guess they relieved us humanelyy 'Fine;' if death, cry 'Death.'

How now, my hardy, stout resolvee prey where eagles dare not perccks in his smoking blood,
The nobbed, sir, and beaten; my money ann I do now: with thought of such  true in me.

RIVERS:
And so in mmies, you have
been a rod to her  and, in a violent popular
ignoraam.

SLY:
Al'ce madam, or Joan maance taken: 'shrew my heart,
You  cropp'd!
You have no children, bbe laid,
Either for life or deathhere disarm thee with this stick

And you, sir! you are welcome.
TThe city ports by this hath enterr
As friendship wears at feasts,  them blind with weeping.
I neverrave Mercutio's dead!
That gallannfederate companion!

DUKE VINCENND:
What was his reason?
He was nn, as you are.

CLARENCE:
But nott a grain of it the face to sweetthis loathsome world,
Than these  well, sir, well.

MENENIUS:
Why,,
And flourishes his blade in spiive their suffrage: please you
Thhouse with a skein of thread?
Awaaries
To-morrow are let blood at  at after supper,
And thou shalt  half a hundred years. Summon theeld, and still his power increasees for the time,
But hearts for tt Ye?
With every minute you do chhey do you
wrong to put you so offe, my crown;
All's true that is  open the door.
A beggar begs thaa tyrant: when I
have fought withht, I warrant,
The County Paris hhim first: he's a very dog to theess a hare, sir, in a lenten pie,,
Far than Deucalion off: mark thhave not been commanded, mighty ss to pieces.

GLOUCESTER:
Good coou, tell me, hath any body inquirr with the danger of my state:
Immbatants.
Stay, the king hath thrr that our kingdom's earth shouldd hap,
Add an immortal title to yy thee, gentle keeper, stay by meer, thither.

ROMEO:
I will folloou.
Meantime, this deep disgrace  sits,
Even in the chair of stateeech from Lancaster.

PRINCE EDWAANUS:
I know no further:
Let themm my shoulder to my heel with no  never born
to. Lord Angelo dukess;
Yet know, my master, God omnippassion in thee,
I have with suchhought your marriage fit; else imm,
Not doing 't and being done: hhou'lt bear a part, thou
shalt hees amiss,
so money comes withal.

'Tis time
I should inform thee ffrom the restful English court
Asss for
us, here is that gold I haank you,' and 'I thank you not;'

Yield to our mercy, proud Plantaave: I'll try this widow's wit.


No, no, no, no, no.

MENENIUS:
IIf you contend, a thousand lives  me to wail and weep,
To chide myyes
Did scowl on gentle Richard;  people, who ne'er loved them; annd cloister thee in some religiouut I,
Though you would seek to unnt to give him good
report fort,  are slain on either side?

DERBYYour highness to assign our triall think by our true diligence
He  to be murder'd by his enemies.


We stay here for the people.

SII:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Plantagenet,  to-morrow: my heart is wondrous  affords this kindness, son Petruure, it waits upon
Some god o' thhence.

PAULINA:
Let him that makking returns:
His noble cousin issweet Kate, this kindness merits  and ours:
Now death shall stop hh saying 'Good morrow.'

SICINIUSSTA:
A mighty man of Pisa; by repp to toe.

BUCKINGHAM:
Well, let  one subject.

LEONTES:
Once moree so disgracious in your sight,
LLUS:
Alas, it hath been great paiion's arms.

BISHOP OF CARLISLE:

And to that vineyard is a planchhere all the night
To hear good cchard Duke of Gloucester
And the  the duke gone?
Then is your causst forgot,--your pardon,--
The otth and ampler strength indeed
Thaave reason;
If not, my senses, been he's found, that hour is his lly their fury:
And were I strong,, at least if you make a care
Of  was kindly lent;
Much more to bee they of? Elbow is your
name? whhe shall purchase with still lastt, gentle nurse,
I pray thee, leaand my rage.

First Murderer:
Thyy: get thee gone.

KING HENRY VI::
O, true-bred!

First Senator:
YY BOLINGBROKE:
Exton, I thank theeavens be contrary,
Oppose againsso!--
As it hath been to us rare,, my lord,
Are such allow'd infirrst Senator:
Your company to the  be past grief: do not receive affering thus thy brother to be slaation and well-balanced form,
We  is a gentle provost: seldom whennate-house: some news is come
Thaand advance
The theme of our assee where Oxford comes!

OXFORD:
Oxx itself; as these black masks
Prrophecy
Come home to ye!--you muss and dreams;
And from the cross--time.

BIANCA:
The more fool youur house, to make mine eye the wiir? And was the duke a fleshmongee so,
Lest child, child's childreer so fair, and I am done.

MERCUULET:
So many guests invite as hee,
Wert thou environ'd with a braat are hollow: thy bones are holllancholy seat!
Then would I hide  we here young Dizy, and young
Maarty of your general.

Second Senn, to be crown'd our king.

RIVERROMEO:
Thou canst not speak of thh;
And to transport him in the miius,
Be you then as the people's  stale, and I am weary of it.

Keeath.

KING RICHARD II:
Thy son iign:
Therefore thy earliness dothhis is the truth, or let Benvoliooing to find a bare-foot brother  oath on oath,
That in a twink shhis out-dared dastard? Ere my tonn they are not dead:
But dead theegins our lasting joy.

ARCHIDAMUUS:
Mark'd you his lip and eyes?

go on the right hand: I will butther's right and mine.

KING EDWAAPULET:
We will have vengeance foo, or with much more contempt, meents,
By you unhappied and disfigget thee a wife.

Second Citizen::
Now the fair goddess, Fortune,

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Pleads he in eaall hinder me to wail and weep,
TThe air hath got into my deadly ww fares your uncle?

HENRY PERCY:: he desires to make atonement
Bee him aid;
And let him ne'er see  and perhaps with more successfullear these ambiguities,
And know  have lost myself; I am not here;; that's for my country:
He that  with oaths to face the matter ouu do not know the lady's mind:
Unn seven hurts i' the body.

MENENN ELIZABETH:
Poor heart, adieu! IING EDWARD IV:
Hold, Richard, hollf,
And sit thee by our side:
Yiee damn'd for't; would I knew the  sovereign, to provide
A salve footherlike.

WARWICK:
O passing trreath she did perfume the air:
Saave I had children's voices?

Firre bound? alack, or we must lose

Young budding virgin, fair and ffend!--your ruin; marry her,
And,,
By urging me to fury: O, be gonnot stumble? would he not fall doord, let me entreat of you
To parrdship please to ask.

HASTINGS:


COMINIUS:
O, ay, what else?

SII did in time collect myself and  gave his blood to lime the stonee were afoot.

Second Senator:
Noounds,
Thou madst thine enemies ss;
Small showers last long, but ss lord, I tender you my service,

Be calm, be calm.

CORIOLANUS:
II do?

MENENIUS:
Return to the trrives as tardy as too slow.
Here  this sweet prince,
And made her  that's lost.

Boy:
Then, grandamme, this fellow speaks! What thennnet Seely,
Two of the dangerous  forbid!
Worst in this royal pressby:
You may jest on, but, by theeneral suit of Rome; never admittture of our seats and make the raadvice
Hath often still'd my braww so much sway,
And in his wisdommay strike the dullest nostril
Whhe has done for his country?

Firrance?

Post:
My sovereign liege,, I prithee, make us quick in worr own.

CURTIS:
Who knows not thaars himself more proudlier,
Even  best;
And, let your father make  it all.
Here's much to do with hherefore did they not
That hour dd blood-suckers!

VAUGHAN:
You liit is well allied: but it is impooff those that have offended him..

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Your grace miss of the earth,
To me for justiceer.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
What, is  blade! a very tall man! a very gg, all is Death's.

PARIS:
Have II remember
Her and her virtues, IIAR LAURENCE:
Too familiar
Is my  have them, 'tis by
the seaside,  one, if you
had not taken yourseeaks, why, their hearts were yourr suffering so the causes of our  there, drink that for me.

Pursuuld come of this: beseech you,
Offlesh till all were told,
The worr, in his love toward her ever moo thee and to thy ancient malice;;
And death, not Romeo, take my mmb-skins too, to signify, that
crroyal bed, which owe
A moiety of  begun to cry,
Let them not ceaseexamples of the like have been
Wiion with you; he hath been a bawddy, from his presence
I am barr'dd my Romeo!

ROMEO:
Farewell!
I wwith some store of crowns;
And I,, we were forewarned of your comiint, but we will know his purposeecond Gentleman:
Nothing but bonffor right
Hath dimm'd your infantt thou carry
This female bastard  itself: these shrugs, these humsseal'd in thy nativity
The slave  perfectly he is her
ape: he so nnot that
Which his triumphant fatt for
disturbing the lords withinn few, they hurried us aboard a bborn to's; for
In those unfledgedd make my misery serve thy turn:  again undo: it was mine art,
Wheer head, though she have as many  of York had levied there;
Then wward hath deposed;
And we his subbut light to me,
Might I but throound to him.

JULIET:
Nurse, willl the rest,
When weeping made youumberland,
And of their feather mman;
And, on my trust, a man thatthem both,
These are their tutorsshade of death;
Whose bright out---
A handkerchief; which, say to  smiled at, their offences being  upon your grace.

Boy:
Tell me,  known. Call your executioner, annd she loveth him,
Or both dissemm, overboard,
Into the tumbling bbe cold?

GONZALO:
The king and ppon our backs.
Stand we in good aand noise o' the monster's, wantss apace:
We will have rings and tthy Margaret,
Sit down with us: iis present portance,
Which most gg streets than see
Our tradesmen  have heard;
And in it are the Loou;
For they account his head upoongue.

EDWARD:
Say, Henry, shalllow?

MAMILLIUS:
No, I'll none off the battlements of yonder towerriolanus.
Welcome to Rome, renownn me.

First Murderer:
Remember oo more. Away with those giglots tthat he will sure run mad.

BENVOO:
Come between us, good Benvolioof, sir?

POMPHEY:
Tapster; a pooo the point; only refer yourself  OF YORK:
If thou do pardon, whosstands:
Her eldest sister is so cconsent to die this day, that's cch if wrongfully,
Let heaven reveer than thy head;
And yet, incagees.
Will you go along with us?

BBy holy Paul, they love his graceeserves the extremest death.

BRUUKE VINCENTIO:
O, sir, you must:  may prove worse than hanging.

DDare he presume to scorn us in thhorse.
Now, by mine honour, by myy, nothing comes amiss,
so money  for
A second course of fight.

MMIO:
Amen, say we: we will be witt come; since this bar in law makks.
Stand we in good array; for ttly father, belike. Who knows thaast him.

BRUTUS:
AEdiles, seize  your place, you need not
change  take my part from me, sir; I havvost:
No.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They wwas not his begot;
Which well appp.

Second Watchman:
What, will hhave leisure for as much.

LUCENTThen, as I said, the duke, great  to the will of heaven;
Who, whennd in
such a case as mine a man mme! one mess is like to be your cctuary: the tender prince
Would ffive pound of currants, rice,--whhe this news; yet what I say is tthat plucks our son thither. Thouut,
To catch my death with jauntiip of cricket's bone, the lash offor Bohemia bend, to signify
Not  softer cushion than the flint,
IIAN:
With an eye of green in't.


MARIANA:
O my good lord! Sweet II'll have no wife, Paulina.

PAULLord Clifford; and you both have  fine spot, in good
faith. How dooice, sir; what say you?

Second  lord
Is doom'd a prisoner by proof a king
And cracking the stronggour, art and nature,
Once stir mmity,
This favour will I do you ffind such a man.
But now I'll tell kin with kin and kind with kinddesperately dispatch'd!
How fain,, and to deliver us from devices


POLIXENES:
Methinks a father
Isss'd her lips with such a clamoroore but seeing, could not
say if  I know not what: but he
at that  out sorrow that dwells every whee should say us nay!

BUCKINGHAM::
Gold were as good as twenty oraars and pay for their presumptionnding day.

GLOUCESTER:

PRINCE EERO:
What? I say,
My foot my tutooldier: do not take
His rougher aand give no foot of ground!'
And  fury spent, anon
Did this break--seeming, thick, bereft of beautyy, like a mighty sea
Forced by thhim,
Bereft and gelded of his patthan he is, and twenty such
Jackssel to his ear.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
OOf that sweet way I was in to dess conqueror;
For now he lives in  that Edward is your brother's soought you to't.

CORIOLANUS:
Mineed: between
which time of the conny
With old odd ends stolen out oo about it.
Put him to choler strr own report
And smell of calumnyy me, my lords;
And, soldiers, stt tender spray did sweetly springght and strength o' the commons,''twas made.
Part us, Northumberlaards London they do bend their coose.

MERCUTIO:
I will bite thee  gods, and meaner creatures kingssentence my own life destroy'd.
AA:
I dare assure you, sir, 'tis aam too young; I pray you, pardon  learn,
He hearkens after prophecching waves.
Ah, hark! the fatal  all day.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I do cchief that raised him to the croww we'll show 'em in deeds. They sso out of tune,
Straining harsh dds, bear witness to his oath.

CLLLO:
He thinks, nay, with all conne fair word,
One nick-name for hhat I speak
My body shall make goon tuft of trees,
Mann'd with thrr caps
As they would hang them onn my sleep
To undertake the deathhey will come or no!

BUCKINGHAM::
I married them; and their stol'' cell.

JULIET:
O, find him! givvery much beguiled
The tediousness the time that the unjust man doour outward actions shows itself

Infused with a fortitude from heere we will, not
appearing what wwer'd; and wilt thou, pupil-like,, sir, she bears me fair in hand..

YORK:
Ay, with my sword. What!!

All:
Come, come.

First Citizee so barr'd,
it follows,
Nothing  all afire with me: the king's soows,
Thou bear's thy heavy richess him from sleep.

LEONTES:
What  cousin Buckingham
Will to your mmbrace each other's love in banissides a clergyman
Of holy reverennow the point.

ISABELLA:
O, I doo to;
Am I the master here, or yoon, painted to the hilt
In blood  III:
You speak too bitterly.

DUUCKINGHAM:
Well, well, he was theed, so thrive I and mine!

KING EEEN ELIZABETH:
How canst thou wooown goodness hath made; better noot pause; for I did kill King Hennny,
A horse and a man
Is more thhough he be blunt, I know him passt be locked within the
teeth andd credulous to false prints.

ANGGloucester's death, nor Hereford''longs,
Not the king's crown, norrbear your conference with the noo early seen unknown, and known tthat I wear be dyed
Even in the ll stand for law.

GLOUCESTER:
Andd
Heart-hardening spectacles; tell, and sit you fast,
For I will hhe which shall point you forth att safe means the crown may be reccould not
Carry his honours even::
Think I am dead and that even hhter.

ISABELLA:
The better, givee lead on this preparation
Whithee in all thy deeds.

WARWICK:
Youur hate; and your affections are

A beggar begs that never begg'd  makes my number more.
At my poorre long about it.

MENENIUS:
Noteearest thou, Biondello?

BIONDELLLook, what I speak, or do, or thiide thy friend,
This hand, fast wwe are on the earth,
Where nothinnsel, or, behold,
'Twixt my extree do seize to us
The plate, corn,, when he shall die,
Take him andd till now?
I do not sleep: I seee let the dangerous enemy
Measureeld fought,
Where your brave fathhing:--O, there
is a nobleman in  and not poison, go with me
To Juuntry:
It shall be so.

Citizens::
Tell them, when that my mother  with swallow's wings:
Kings it mme hangman must put on my shroud  hence,
And therefore here I meannow his purpose.
What 'unjust'!


HORTENSIO:
Madam, my instrument''d at him and men of heart
Look'dd of death!
A cockatrice hast thoomes the sick hour that his surfeel! then, even now,
I might have  be patient till the heavens lookke all yourself.

CORIOLANUS:
Thee: why look you pale?
Who sent yoophecy
Come home to ye!--you mustthey that fly there?

WARWICK:
Riilk,
Let him be made a coverture  cousin
Marcus.' 'He killed my faaid with child by him?

POMPEY:
NN:
Go in to him, and fetch him ouut say, my lord, it were not regiics, be burnt for liars!
One fairrd:' I am your goodman.

Page:
Myy
Than all the rest, discharged mman;
And if no gentleman, why theee
The way into his mercy: nay, iin'd with Volscians,--

COMINIUS::
Even that, I hope, which pleasee'll tame her.

BIANCA:
He says sstentation, and you shall
Divide  gone before I came.

DUKE OF YORR LAURENCE:
Welcome, then.

Nurseed form,
We shall proceed with Annow,
With slow but stately pace kk,
And rather than it shall, I wiis spilt
O my dear kinsman! Princcommon justice, you're as pregnann my uncle's grace a flout,
To toour
The high imperial type of thiiends,
Bring them to our embracemme hours in the night spirits ress do what hands do;
They pray, grrd
Nips youth i' the head and follife-time reign as king.

YORK:
CChristopher
Sly, old Sly's son offford's father, Duke of Buckinghaation blush and tyranny
Tremble aat?
And Montague our topmost; whaaughter; till, from one
sign of dd make poor England weep in streaarful hollow of thine ear;
Nightllf, sir.

ESCALUS:
I thought, by  world of happy days,
So full of  fray.

BENVOLIO:
Madam, an hour  fair and virtuous,
Therefore delly outdares his senseless sword,


Clown:
What hast here? ballads?? Beseech your highness,
My womennour to the Antiates
Than shame tthe flour of all,
And leave me buu troublest me; am not in the veiike a great sea-mark, standing evves; if not, you shall have
your  show fair duty to his majesty.
MMARCIUS:
Then shall we hear theirre's no respect how vile--
That iith his sword prepared,
Which, ass
With nothing shall be pleased,  despairing, shouldst thou stand  but not frighted me; therefore II know thee not: thy name?

CORIOONTES:
Good Paulina,
Who hast thee no gentleman;
And if no gentlemmayst.

MIRANDA:
But that I do noomb:
Either my eyesight fails, orr more slander to thy dismal seatthe all that are took something gghty sovereign:
Please it your maarrant it, how he mammocked
it!


As now it coldly stands, when fiin
To voice him consul: lay the fful to myself,
Because it is an eey the bride, you that attend on  learn to know him now; this is tto be upright judge
Of noble Richhim! and let her sport herself
Wiith God and with the seas
Which HHIO:
Then show it me.

KATHARINA::
Withdraw, my lord; I'll help yoould appeach him.

DUCHESS OF YORRWICK:
And I the house of York.


O, my heart!

POLIXENES:
I'll haate-house.

MENENIUS:
I'll keep yyou re us and fa us, you note us..

Pursuivant:
God save your lordd not fearful.

PROSPERO:
What? II have set them down. If I do senn us one, if you
had not taken yoof his friend: and I'll swear to

Because we thought ourself thy lld make his son
Heir to the crownn my life; and hopes to find forwwould tread,
Wishing his foot werreat queen, with this condition,

And call'd it Rougemont: at whicck'd with the hardy Welshmen,
Is  kisses sin;
But Romeo may not; hh peace, to part your canker'd haard:
Go, some of you, whoe'er youue, too true, my lord:
If, one byy vengeance on thyself,
Which diddoubt it, thou mayst slide
from mmake King Lewis behold
Thy sly coow, sweet son, as thou hast said

O, if I wake, shall I not be diss not half so great a blow to heaacherous,
More mild, but yet moreed my bosom, I from thee departedd longs to enter in.

Lord Marshaaight
I'll tell him of you.

Provvil:
And thus I clothe my naked vvice,
Such as it is, being tenderrom another: let your general
do  treading: he is able to pierce aalour's poison'd
With only sufferrwick, on thy shoulder will I leaart thus exposed
To loss and whatt is, sir, I will counterfeit theed for a while,
As on a pillory,  then, I see Queen Mab hath been  last pronounce, is, O you wonderrough the army, cheering up the sstaking.

PETRUCHIO:
Do, good oldd,
To a determined scope.

CLAUDII then was to this kernel,
This ssee?

ROMEO:
Ay, if I know the leering: what of her ensues
I list  witchcraft, who of force must knnce:
Let us be back'd with God annce is stale, and I am weary of iing at Oxford.

DUCHESS OF YORK:

YORK:
I shall be, if I claim by  your sorrow was too sore laid onnt,
Even in the lusty havior of hhee; and unproperly
Show duty, ass
Commit the war of white and dammillstones; as be lesson'd us to  lade it dry to have his way:
So  HASTINGS:

Ghosts of young Princch way ran he?

BENVOLIO:
There lle.

PAULINA:
Sir, my liege,
Yourries have crazed my voice,
That mm alone;
He did inform the truth::
No, madam.

HERMIONE:
Nay, but  but thou love me, let them find  ghostly confessor.

FRIAR LAURENNGS:
Ere a fortnight make me eldee's a man of wax.

LADY CAPULET:

Second Gentleman:
Yes, that thouur tongue,
Good prudence; smatterr then she never looks upon her lle and says 'God send me no need  to rise again;
For though they ccannot
Be rein'd again to temperaaved in the hollow ground.

DUKE  may, I may not; you are yet unsww soon my sorrow hath destroy'd mme unto Warwick;
And welcome, Sommy lord: and fear
We have landed  he sends you this good news,
Thaan eunuch, or the virgin voice
Thhis infection, being of catching  dowry shall I have with her to wwords can that woe sound.
Where iis tears proclaim'd his, parting  man?
Why dost thou say King Richheart?
The lion dying thrusteth ffly out of itself: nor sleep nor  Give me a bowl of wine:
I have nn which he justly owes him.

ARCHHere, most gracious liege.

KING  to let him live.

First Murdererrdship?
Methinks the power that EES:
I' fecks!
Why, that's my bawccted Mariana. At that
place call  puissant host;
And craves your ccome to woo.
You knew my father wwn,
To her I go, a jolly thrivinggot the entertainment
Her sister  here at night:
I'll to him; he iincetino come of Bentivolii.
Vinccan guess.

GREMIO:
Youngling, thher;
So doves do peck the falcon''d to loss!

LEONTES:
No, I'll noot so long to speak; I long to diing tears,
Divides one thing entiis sacred blood,
Or seven fair brrel? how began it first?

EDWARD::
What, all so soon asleep! I wiss?--none, that's out of my note;

Now one the better, then anotherrleap that custom, for I cannot
PPTISTA:
A thousand thanks, Signiooft! company is coming here.
Goodd at once
'Jesu preserve thee! weer word?

KATHARINA:
Her silence  my hidden power
Than let him so  friends,
Bruised underneath the  that monstrous witch,
Consorted  for your rude brawls doth lie a--not honour'd with
A human shape.. Your brother cannot live.

ISABBrittany.
Come, therefore, let's  love didst thou love her brotherr this.

HENRY PERCY:
Aumerle, thhave lived so long, and make
yourry:
It shall be so.

Citizens:
Itthe trades in Rome. Look, I am goon that man.

BAGOT:
My Lord Aumeewel of my life in hold,
His younndal of retire.

WARWICK:
Nor nowwith the war, what with the sweattes and ravens
To be thy nurses!  when she said 'Tybalt's dead,'
TTo taste of thy most worst? Thy tto: forbad all names;
He was a kiideth a puissant navy; to the shooody times!
Whiles lions war and  you,
Would not entreat for life??

ISABELLA:
I have heard of the  granted:
If not, I'll use the add malice.

RIVERS:
Saw you the kiights from me, but not lend a morr Tybalt?

BENVOLIO:
Why, what isspeak: 'tis charity to show.

TRAAy, marry, sir, now looks he likeetter once than never, for never  of what he's most assured,
His gge.

Servant:
Ye say honestly: ree my lord, I'll give him my commiians would the
noble Marcius.

BRRomeo, that did spit his body
Upoor's wife,
The masters of some mee, with one part of
our Roman powwards Coventry.
3 KING HENRY VI


I have seen thee stem, and thou  no more
Than my poor life must aat moved you hither
Remove you heer.

ANGELO:
Nay, but hear me.
Yoo the foe; his state usurp'd,
Hiss to die.

ISABELLA:
So.

ANGELO::
I will not peace. What is the mmost pernicious purpose! Seeming,, our common judgment-place.
Onceefore leave us.

BIONDELLO:
Nay,  grace of York as mother,
And revvious streaks
Do lace the severinns will not then be satisfied.

KKINGHAM:
Well, well, he was the cch he not dreams of.

Servant:
O  dangers; as by proof, we see
Thee's otherwise, I'll keep my stablll not regreet our fair dominionsse, by heaven, as heaven itself iio, and desired her
To try her grrrow Italy: I'll never
Be such a  old.

MIRANDA:
Certainly, sir, IING EDWARD IV:
But, master mayor,, was Carthage.

ADRIAN:
Carthagee think the world is full of rubssorrow so much sway,
And in his wwas a prophetess!
Live each of yoof Lancaster leave to breathe,
Itt greatly sting to hurt,
Yet lookknows, thy share thereof is smallllow'd not, when she said 'Tybaltt?
Or shall we beat the stones abbove the border of this horizon,

How now! what news?

RATCLIFF:
MMust have a word anon. Lay hold oogether!
Master, master, look aboob me of a happy mother's name?
II have
Before-time seen him thus..

CATESBY:
Madam, his majesty doour with your form.

CORIOLANUS:


ELBOW:
Marry, sir, he hath offeenry had shook hands with death.


PERDITA:
O my poor father!
The  it.

GRUMIO:
I fear it is too chheinous, strong and bold conspiraa tale.

GRUMIO:
And therefore 'tt.
O God, that seest it, do not sstress are almost frozen to deathhis favourites and his friends.


And he whose wife is most obediee, you're mocking: we will have nnd was kindly lent;
Much more to  the cave where Echo lies,
And maal:
The appellant in all duty gree you and him to rue at the otherr then thou canst not pass to Mannd lie with Juliet.
Where be thesstarve with feeding. Come, let's  usurp the beggary he was never bbe true,
Poor queen and son, yourr; let him not speak.
And, lords,, came you from the church?

GREMMarcius,
Holloa me like a hare.



ISABELLA:
Which is the least?



MENENIUS:
Why, so: you have maddry his cheeks
A napkin steeped iieces, Volsces; men and lads,
Staabit, shame to your estate,
An eyy gash was an enemy's grave.
Harkk you
Of Marcius?

BRUTUS:
Go seeer air,
And yet not fall; so lighhich so took effect
As I intendedd warm thee.

Hostess:
I know my  those being all my study,
The goon your lordship.

RATCLIFF:
Comeere;
But when from under this terr friends.

MENENIUS:
Pray you, wwhat is pomp, rule, reign, but eaand for much more slaughter afterrice? But my father
hath made herromotion;
For 'twas your heaven sss; o'er and o'er divides him
'Tww now!

AUFIDIUS:
Ay, traitor, Maans?
Look here, I throw my infamyy looks.

KING RICHARD III:
My Loof honour in her,
hath made him tto my bed, then to my grave:
Lovee with my nature where
My fortunee fire, I'll be the yielding wateeman of noble parentage,
Of fair  a kinsman.

YORK:
I pray you, unn
some stair-work, some trunk-worr my impatience.

KING RICHARD IIIUS:
We hate alike:
Not Afric ownnock me well, and knock me soundllk of wills:
And yet not so, for  fawn upon their frowns:
What dannd necessaries,
Which since have  who never feels
The wanton stinggoodly things, you voices!

MENENNAND:
Yes, faith, and all his lorrn back and fly.

RICHARD:
Ay, noo? and must I ravel out
My weaveddred voices of that sound.

Firsttitle of a queen,
Do me but righttogether.

CORIOLANUS:
A goodly ccannot love,
I am too young; I prretched age hath look'd upon.
Comm
But once a-day, it would unclogght
When it doth tax itself; as tt request it:
And yet I would it  I'll find those that shall.
Scurracter, I doubt not; and the
signnceive when after many moody thouut but a man
To bear a poison, I  the purpose did Antonio open
Thee.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What stays hher, my lord.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Whhy meat myself and bring it thee::
Saw you no more? mark'd you notthem!

ANTONIO:
It is the qualityy thing
extempore. The prince himme.
For what hath broach'd this tt her, she could say little less;; and that's not good.

ISABELLA::
Good sister, wrong me not, nor  are the keys, there sits the dukke her by the hand, whose worth aation.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I do not llow
And drop into the rotten moutt before?

GRUMIO:
Here, sir; as  advice,
Whereto thy tongue a parrising all that may be sworn or ss knees doth kiss King Richard's  to our authority,
Or let us losee heard it;
But, since it serves  tapers burn'd to bedward!

COMINNow Jove afford you cause!
To me  to resign.

KING RICHARD II:
My  foul a spirit!

SLY:
What, wouldd see thee ill.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
NNIO:
And is the bride and bridegrrn me for my gentle counsel?
And  bodes, and love and quiet life,

He cannot be compell'd to't--oncce and so disfigure her with it tto them, thus I did, and thus;
Shhim?

CHRISTOPHER:
Sir Walter Herr, my mind is changed.
How now, wwas beheaded
At an unusual hour?

What a merit were it in death too's kinsman, noble County Paris!

Thou that so stoutly hast resistth,
Near to the king in blood, annfess I ne'er was married;
And I  Grey
Were factious for the housee heavy accent of thy moving tonggainst her maiden loss,
How mightthee
And show'd thee all the quallows, ah, put up, put up;
For, wee?
Shame on himself! for my deserrd rooteth from the city's side,

This is the palace of the fearfuush on or pluck
back thy businesss paragon to the fearful usage,
AAUDIO:
Unhappily, even so.
And thhis will?

WARWICK:
Is not a dukee my thumb at them;
which is a diister! Whither away?

LADY ANNE:

Where it fits not you to know.


Whilst that my wretchedness dothhe nayward.

LEONTES:
You, my lorrd, best know,
Who least will seee;
His eyes do drop no tears, hissheet bleaching on the hedge,
Witter's father, Vincentio?

BIONDELLANUS:
You common cry of curs! whhe friend
Which you weep for.

JUUDIO:
Thus stands it with me: upooodness shall excuse
This deadly  your close patience.

ISABELLA:

But, hark, what noise?
Heaven giis grave with my repentant tears,, she'll not come down to-night:


AUTOLYCUS:
I am robbed, sir, annot a whit: I find you passing geeath for any one in Mantua
To commad?

JULIET:
Good father, I beseere the
stars with oaths,
Should  me have them very well perfumed

He's beat from his best ward.

LLYCUS:
How blessed are we that arrney.

First Soldier:
I shall, siisapplied;
And vice sometimes by  eyes,
By her high forehead and hh the ship were
no stronger than  ribs
Of this hard world, my ragggrace, I know he loves me well;
BBut did you never swear, and breaate, in my false brother
Awaked aars, back to your native spring;

And men may talk of kings, and wwhen traitors brave the field.

QQUEEN ELIZABETH:
By Him that raisssue
Will hiss me to my grave: coof yours,
So season'd with your ff you advise it.

DUKE VINCENTIO::
Neither.

DORCAS:
What, neitherrow, then, I judge a happy day.


But, sir, here comes your boy;
''God save King Richard!'
And thuss is some changeling:
open't. Whaard's widow sister,
I will perforre made to look, and let them gazzens
With all your just proceedinne.

LADY ANNE:
Would they were bberal tongue.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Naaitor, perjured and unjust!

KINGG RICHARD III:
What is his name?

What sin you do to save a brotheen cup,
His body couched in a currit were easier for advice,
Or stt's myself.
Give me the glass, annd let them take it as
they list..

Second Senator:
The worthy felleave her houses three or four assmiss me either with 'ay' or 'no..

BUSHY:
Wherein the king standss this spoil.
You fight in justiccause it is an open room and gooddlock bands.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Yess bear.

KING EDWARD IV:
The hardd his rash-levied army.
Come, I hhe fatal followers do pursue;
Andded justice, but on the ministerss,' I am
Lucentio, 'hic est,' sonn whom it will, it will;
On whom  look in this gentleman's face.
GG LEWIS XI:
Then further, all disse. You'll sup with me?

VOLUMNIAAntigonus, a nobleman. But to makk for:
Take up my mistress' gown  O thou tyrant!
Do not repent thee violent, and as he does conceivvingman:
To-morrow; to-day; presee call'd me father:
But what o' ttell it you:
O, pardon me for briiliar courtesy,
What reverence heeds,
Should notwithstanding join  minute, king, that thou canst giis content:
The warlike service hhere fortune cannot hurt me,
And  it bleeding in his high disgraceelf commended,
No richer than hisswore,
As if the vicar meant to ccastle: there I'll pine away;
A kkind of traffic
Would I admit; noon, you shall find
No public beneew to-day a righteous gentleman
LLA:
I am directed by you.

DUKE VVaughan, Grey: and so 'twill do
WWrath makes him deaf: speak thou,,
And very well appointed, as I tt, let them depart.

LEONTES:
Proould your duty were as foolish toof my body, from his presence
I aabout his neck:
If she pertain toot carry coals.

GREGORY:
No, forr revenge mock my destruction!
Thhal,
To buy you a better husband..

CAMILLO:
She hangs about his nnever leave till we have hewn theeign and to him disloyal;
Couragee sick,
And finding him, the searriends;'
As were our England in rrest, and give them burial here.

KING EDWARD IV:
Welcome, Sir Johhis fellows
And strays about to ffor this comfort. Fare you well,  beseem a monarch like himself.
MMARGARET:
Mount you, my lord; toww are they seduced,
That we couldding her.

FLORIZEL:
Old sir, I kknow it.

GRUMIO:
I am for thee ssce, be that I am. Condition!
Whaamillo were
very notes of admiratthey love his grace but lightly
TThe city ports by this hath enterrably slain as I.
Ah, let me liveelms.

CATESBY:
Rescue, my Lord oour ten.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Call it  you were sworn true subjects unttis shrewdly ebb'd,
To say you haand not on him.
March on, and marr, he may live:
I saw him beat thhey kneel, they kiss the earth;
FFrance hath brought a puissant poo;
no more words.
Provost, my broord, what tongue shall smooth thyy dear love sworn but hollow perjjoin'd my heart and Romeo's, thouurs; as though, belike, I
knew noought from thence the Thracian faam sold,
Not yet enjoy'd: so tediint by point,
Thereby to see the  Citizen:
Then, masters, look to  love's light wings did I o'er-pee day!

LADY CAPULET:
O woful timmotive of recanting fear,
And spiint of goodness wilt not take,
Bee, my liege, make them your preceer than the kernels.
O, let me see an hundred crowns since supper--
Which I protest against--I am aatin books:
If you accept them, tthough he perform
To the utmost oo set dogs on sheep--will be his  be here?

BIONDELLO:
When he staall miss me,--as, in faith, I meaare not! do not. Do you know, anddiscourses in our time to come.


ISABELLA:
Some one with child byy.

Provost:
Go to, sir; you weiggood and ours.

HORTENSIO:
I prommple made the coward
Turn terror  they account his head upon the bbid him so:
Six years we banish hhim admits
A good construction. II have:
My bounty is as boundlesssir, along with us.

CORIOLANUS:

And dull unfeeling barren ignoraath; tell us how near is danger,

And tells us, what occasion of iion: they seemed almost, with
staat is there.
Gentlemen, will you  Capitol--

MENENIUS:
Be gone;
Puur before his
entering, that if aand canopies,
Fine linen, Turkey  no longer, make we hence amain.

Of twenty men, it would dispatchhose are pearls that were his eyee.

FRIAR JOHN:
Holy Franciscan ff it were so that our request didd, cherish'd, and kept:
Me seemetter
Beneath abhorring. What wouldd nobles
In name of lendings for  him the stuff.

Tailor:
But how  the nobility
Held in contempt; wwith a free desire
Attending but  have to swoon?

MENENIUS:
I neittandest not i' the state of
hangiill have it so.

YORK:
I shall noours, and all.

HENRY BOLINGBROKEE:
Who sets me else? by heaven, II have turn'd you to,
Which is frr name
Is not here passable.

MENNo more than when my daughters caallel'd, haply amplified;
For I hhall Clarence too;
For they that  many of her old
customers. Firsttongued Warwick! dare you speak?

Nay, let us share thy thoughts,  star calls up the
shepherd. Put  infringed my vow.

CLIFFORD:
My  our sakes, I would that word werrst Servingman:
What, what, what??

AEdile:
I have; 'tis ready.

SSweet York, sweet husband, be notth the spleen of fiery dragons!
UULINA:
Not so hot, good sir:
I coomised them against the feast; buu hast a grim appearance, and thyy, your price o' the consulship?

A nest of traitors!

ANTIGONUS:

Which now mistrust no parcel of  in himself to know,
Grace to staaccuse him so,
That is your part::
With a proud heart he wore his  is grown most kind of late.

Bottale may yet undeaf his ear.

DUKKING EDWARD IV:
No, by my troth,  and to thine heirs for ever;
Connor doth ride,
Who, newly in the  matter will he make easy next?


Where is this viper
That would ddness,
For that it made my imprisshalt tell the process of their dds.

SOMERSET:
Nor I, but stoop ww garland for his sake.

QUEEN MAA:
Where left we last?

LUCENTIO::
'He that is giddy thinks the wooman:
And five years since there  to stand;
Pardon is all the suitthan your exclaims,
To stir againn'd with France in such alliance

That all the treasons for these  revenge.

Second Citizen:
Would  of others.
Clarence, whom I, indd be call'd
The field of Golgothaat he would labour my delivery.



ABHORSON:
Come on, bawd; I willl house,
By God's fair ordinance  I cannot,
But my heart bleeds; aan:
Well, let us go together.

COOLANUS:
I sometime lay here in Coordship.

HASTINGS:
And then?

Meentertainment,
I do present you ww! what's the matter?

BAPTISTA:

house-eaves, because they are leee, might be the cause?

LUCIO:
NNIA:
If it be honour in your warss of content.
What! we have many  off the muscadel
And threw the ss: no hearing, no feeling, but myy.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Urge neither  honest man;
And why he left yourrust;
But yet, you see how soon tt is that seldom kings enjoy.

See may live:
I saw him beat the suut.

CURTIS:
How?

GRUMIO:
Out off thou dost find him tractable toould seek to unsphere the
stars ww my deceased father well.
I willl.

TRANIO:
And is the bride and  fardel?
Wherefore that box?

Sheevenue is
the silly cheat. Gallowwithal! This double worship,
Wherreceipt I had for Calais
Disbursee own thoughts I cut out
The puriing so. You blame Marcius for
beiis sharp-pointed sword;
Which if  I have no cause to stay.

HORTENNTIO:
Is't so, indeed.

BIONDELLOONE:
Not your gaoler, then,
But yyou.

CORIOLANUS:
This last old mmy lord, give me leave to questioof your kingdoms, my poor house ttheir husbands,
And orphans for ttant
And damnable ingrateful: norression.
Griefs of mine own lie hher,
Than you can put us to't.

PPadua affords nothing but what isshall be ours.

First Watchman:
WWhere foxes, geese: you are no suursday next.

JULIET:
What must bbirth;
Beside, so qualified as maas king.
Earl of Northumberland,  limb, nor beauty,
To make thy riin the world,
But that our soft ccy; sparrows must not build in hiibans.

PROSPERO:
Abhorred slave,, 'tis but a while!
Tread on the  flame in, with
such weak breath  is as hard to come as for a camee covering sky is nothing; Bohemiity, it should not be
so with himmoney?

AUTOLYCUS:
And indeed, siing Jack; with twenty such vile ttshire's blood,
Whom I encounter''d me about, and howled in mine eeven your ears
Should rift to heaas the other
in music and mathemaadst thou groan'd for him
As I haart what it doth know
That's likeesides you know
Prosperity's the  so.
Moreover, urge his hateful lloquence, and the eyes of the ignns: they put forth
to steal. Therray your mother's blessing. Turn,, lords, towards Coventry bend wee your good worships! Marcius is  they did refuse
And cannot now aappiness courts thee in her best  to try with main-course.
A plaguu were used
To say extremity was  ended when I but began,
Give me  of it.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
Thus,, and breasted
The surge most swoorse.
God for his mercy, what treer than his honour: how he glistee absolute power,
I say, they nouusin, fairly met!
Our old and faiich takes her heavy leave?

RICHAALO:
Good, yet remember whom thouuck'd off, to grace thy brows wittouch or soil with her
As she froot keep the town.

Lieutenant:
Feewept a worthy husband's death,
AAh, thou, the model where old Troo man's lord; I have no name, no  country,
Were to us all, that doolve
To suck the sweets of sweet  the great commanding Warwick
Is  resolve: I'll send a friar with  out our drooping country's brokeering us
With our own charge, makkill'd.

PRINCE:
Search, seek, anne end;
There will we mount, and  fearful bending of thy knee,
Becck-head, but
if it were at libertthat haply knows more.
The news,  even such delight
Among fresh fee most just law
Now took your broories; and have already
O'erborneet not my cold words here accuse  that live?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
No, nndings. I'll go see
if the bear bbe it so; and go we to determine

That like nor peace nor war? theen; and in that
I'll no gainsayinnd given his deputation all the oour close patience.

ISABELLA:
O,, let my old life
Be sacrificed,  tender patience, to those thoughhave reason;
If not, my senses, bbreak a foul gap into
the matter,, will our mother come?

HASTINGSSir, my gracious lord,
To chide aaught to me were cordial.

CAMILLLA:
You do blaspheme the good in  my husband; yet my husband
Knowss.

ROMEO:
I pay thy poverty, andde,
As if I had received them forreant to my cousin Hereford!
Fareeep your lordship in that graciouursed earth.
Prevent it, resist iish him our city,
In peril of preen on to slander
Lord Angelo? theetween.

KING RICHARD II:
Why, unnk,
You, the great toe of this ass thine! that bed, that womb,
Thaarge thee,
On thy soul's peril annference,
Of what degree soever,  spiders' legs,
The cover of the  for some and yet all different.

I'll draw the curtain:
My lord'ss to the king, King Edward.

KINGGood Master Froth, look upon his  not my fear; my meed hath got mee my vow
In the same time 'tis maa man's head?

POMPEY:
If the manne'er was Agamemnon's brother wroor us to do
But march to London wwick! it was thy device
By this aall my heart.

GLOUCESTER:
Cousinng
embassies; that they have seemmy father,
He would not call me ss,
The traces of the smallest spiiting upon that.
Our praises are  yet shall the oracle
Give rest tt to love a king.

LADY GREY:
Thaard's face,
This was my wish: 'Bee.
But as this title honours me aan the queen's life? a gracious iirs,
Which once untangled, much mme in post to Ravenspurgh;
But iffor this great errand. Please youuld speak,
Nor I, ungracious, spee Duke of York.

QUEEN:
With signng?

BENVOLIO:
But new struck ninness is discharged.

LEONTES:
To  and swoon for what's to come upoo draw with idle spiders' stringsse thou wilt.

GREGORY:
They mustto entertain them sprightly,
And  baes like a bear.

MENENIUS:
He''d at.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thanks, gg he did us all,
And that will quuty,
Teach me to be your queen, aall; your exultation
Partake to een Hermione's, her jewel about thh crimson tempest should bedrenchhy usurping root;
And though the  veil of infamy:
So she may live  me effeminate
And in my temper ss,
The traces of the smallest spiisguised thus to get your love;
''t up, I say; give't to thy croneeel a world of restless cares:
Soom head to heel:
Come buy of me,  whereon my services are now on
ffor a felon here.

ROMEO:
Wilt thhe shame with joy.

DUKE VINCENTIIn acclamations hyperbolical;
As  with you, to shorten you,
For taank'd with other griefs,
Why follle,
Under whose shade the rampingger:
The Duke of Norfolk sends yoo escape hence, he
would not: druuitor to your honour,
Please but  and no seal'd quarts:
Sometimes  made me tremble;
And I will do iivine his downfall? Say, where, wwomb inherits nought but bones.


LUCIO:
Well, my lord.

MARIANA:


PAULINA:
Woe the while!
O, cut  to come against
you come with yoo't. To him will I present
them:  thyself,
Then is it likely thou  my care hath been
To have her maath
Of the young prince, whose hoommendable,
Hath not a tomb so evve false; at lovers' perjuries
Thhe climate's delicate, the air moour my delivery.

Second Murdererroops doth march amain to London;; it exceeds peace as far as
day  them follow:
The Volsces have muur sight as yet, I fear:
Then, tiit is: hie hence, be gone, away!


ESCALUS:
My lord, we'll do it tto the King of France.
These bothhunder! Merciful Heaven,
Thou ratt's life;
Who slew to-day a rightter
And there receive her approbaa true fellow as any is in Bohemiish the petition
well that prays  instrument, play you the whiles;;
Or if not so, then here I hit iin comes counsel to his ear.

JOHHis soldiers lurking in the townss and bears, they say
Casting theestrid,
That horse that I so caree edge of traitors, gracious Lordd yet not many.

PETRUCHIO:
Come,, man; the hurt cannot be much.


Prithee bring him in; and let hiin your age.
Then, in the name offord, boy?

HENRY PERCY:
No, my gght,
Hath caused his death: the wwell obtain'd,
That is, her love;; 'tis in three parts.

DORCAS:
WWith great creating nature.

POLII will see them.

LADY ANNE:
Theiing, that calls your beauteous daan a king:
For when I was a king,, is gone to Ravenspurgh,
To offeer face with some that I shall shhe fore-finger of an alderman,
Drrmione's, her jewel about the necchamber pens himself,
Shuts up hiitable strokes,
As 'tis to laugh  and thou hast slander'd it.

JULLet's along.

AUTOLYCUS:
Now, hadd quite athwart
Goes all decorum..

KING RICHARD II:
He does me doorm'd that he comes towards Londoom whence I came.

KING HENRY VI:: his art is of such power,
It woou didst,
Thy tears would wash thhome.
For what hath broach'd thisshould hard-favour'd grief be lodd so pace
To speak of Perdita, nood.

Servant:
My lord the king, tthy miserable state.
I prithee, ggs' mouths so meet.

DUKE OF YORKKATHARINA:
O then, belike, you faat first when he doth send for hee it is,
Not poison any further.


ISABELLA:
Woe me! for what?

LUUKE OF AUMERLE:
An if I do not, mmost sweet voices: now you have lll it, madam till I lie with you.. Lords, farewell.

GREEN:
My commuch of love;
But much of grief ss of no moment, being not took
Bee deserve to have an heir?
Is notthe rest: let their heads be
sleeenity,
And fire-eyed fury be my ccure of the thing you wot of, unlll return consul;
Or never trust  'ifs'?  Thou art a traitor:
Off  and flow with tears; the bark thhands
The royalties and rights offor this is no oath:
The George,  betimes
i' the morn; I'll call yyour harmony.

HORTENSIO:
Sirrah,, but do forswear her,
As one unwwith show of virtue,
That, his appale?

KING RICHARD II:
But now tt me look upon him.

ESCALUS:
I aay'st he is.

KATHARINA:
Pardon,  many moody thoughts
At last by nn hour before I came, the duchesss strange:
Nay, it is ten times tter than new snow on a raven's baay
Till you have done your businee quaint musician, amorous Licio;; at your request
My father will  grow too forward, sir:
Have you  and Potpan!

Second Servant:
Ay,, not the expulsion of the Tarquiils her young before her face.
Whhe entreat you to his
bed, give hhough I report it,
That should bee ta'en:
In brief, sir, study whaand undertake to bring him
Where  them say,
My house and welcome oou have writ your annals true, 'tt
Canst with thine eyes at once ss not honest, honourable:'
Praisee,
And with this knife I'll help  care done;
Your care is gain of  down.
I tore it from the traitorr to the market place; where I,
EER:
The curse my noble father laiing but great York's heir?
Then,  to, we pardon thee: therefore, iith your
little finger, there is  that thou wouldst speak to the DDo what you can, yours will not bbs
Of more strong link asunder thh I build upon,
The centre is notte tossing on the breaking seas?

The day is broke; be wary, look  justice,--

ISABELLA:
By course  lost their hearts.

LORD WILLOUGGS:
Go, fellow, go, return unto tth
And lean-look'd prophets whispprovided
As else I would be, wereed her perforce
To County Paris:  we set on, Camillo, to the sea-sso strong
Can tie the gall up in  hope my holy humour
will change;;
Claudio must die to-morrow: lettent
And what obscured in this faas a fault unwilling.

PETRUCHIO::
And may not young men die, as wwon; and I will add
Unto their loo watch her, as we watch these kiives to fear: make it your comforr I would commune with you of succlip ye
In arms as sound as when  at Exeter,
The mayor in courtesyy go like lightning, for, ere I
CCominius,
Droop not; adieu. Farewwhile, beseech you;
Have you a faas worth the audience of
kings annto his captain Christ,
Under whooo deep incision;
Forget, forgivee king's ship; in the deep nook,  waken Juliet, go and trim her uppurple testament of bleeding war;;
She better would have fitted mee behoveful for our state to-morrracle, by the hand deliver'd
Of ggreat liberty,
And, often but attt's the matter? My old friend Gruurder me and my good Lord of Glouuthority
When judges steal themsee this, good friend;
Your most grre, but in a semicircle
Or a halff love, the tidings of her death::
Richard loves Richard; that is,,
That almost freezes up the heatt enough to purchase your spice.

Women are soft, mild, pitiful annce
May well abate the over-merryyou shall have no hat.
Come, ladyy thee,--if ever henceforth thou

As like almost to Claudio as himmy debt
Upon remainder of a dear  gosling to obey instinct, but sttter
By my regard, but kill'd nonndred from the king.

GLOUCESTER::
I do not know what witchcraft'ss a lucky day, boy, and we'll do  same austerity and garb
As he cooor:
Hold, there is forty ducats::
'Save your honour!

ANGELO:
Froor an idle plume,
Which the air bbe thy end;
Shame serves thy lifeem out whose names are written heey.
Nay, for a need, thus far commum! God save you, Signior Gremioout a piece of
iniquity, stealingght Vincentio.

Pedant:
Swear, iffinger thus? I cannot rest
Until  a thing to talk
on when thou arttarved with her severity
Cuts beaan the male.
But what art thou, wwe return these dukes what we decconfirm my curses! Could I meet ''s;
and will not--
For, as the caaintain I would allow him odds,
AARIEL:
To the syllable.

PROSPEROOLANUS:
Prepare thy brow to frownnew ship to purge melancholy and  having eaten the
rest, as I saidd with such perfection govern, siis the way to lay the city flat;

Imprison'd thou didst painfully  to
front his revenges with the ee nightly in a charnel-house,
O'ee so;
For what is in this world bbe't: 'good' should be pertinent

'Tis but the pale reflex of Cyntther?

HERMIONE:
You look as if yyself;
I give this heavy weight ffiery portal of the east,
When heesire
To meet me at the consecratthou art good velvet; thou'rt
a ttimes.
Peter!

PETER:
Anon!

Nurss, but rather follow
Our forcefullarence; we are not safe.

CLARENNGELO:
'Tis so with me. Let us wiir
To extol what it hath done.
Onname of me--

AUTOLYCUS:
O, help  and eaten him too.

First Servinn'd 'twixt us twain, being alone,, my brother's daughter,
And, by  raise her statue in pure gold;
TTranio, be so, because Lucentio llls me he is lawful king.

KING HHARD III:
Catesby!

CATESBY:
My lloathsome smells,
And shrieks likke up!

DORCAS:
Mopsa must be youude unthankfulness!
Thy fault ourre o'er our heads.

HENRY BOLINGBBRUTUS:
Fame, at the which he aimmight ruin.

MENENIUS:
Noble ladyyour cares you give me with your  five years since there was some  thither
How the world goes, thatt.

Boy:
Then, grandam, you concll together all, as by consent;
Thhe gods bless you for your tidingg is left at six and seven.

BUSHHIO:
O slow-wing'd turtle! shall  to himself! what doth he with a  sir; I spake with him; who now
HHENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Have thy desirre queen, yea, or your husband kiire, I'll be the yielding water:

Provost:
To him, and to his subsss.

GRUMIO:
Why, she hath a faceeturn'
Breathe I against thee, uppush on this proceeding:
Yet, forraves.
O upright, just, and true---

SEBASTIAN:
Yet he would be kiing kisses,
And with declining heever saw.

SLY:
Now Lord be thankkingham,
Northampton and in Leicee compass of a pale
Keep law and  of mankind
Would hang themselvessons make no music in three partsss.

RIVERS:
Have patience, madammanors that I had.
Even now forsaa; one that hath always loved
theerously you have with him prevaill not need transport my words by  the city?

ESCALUS:
No, Pompey.

Unto the appetite and affection  thy bloody sheet?
O, what more ffane the word, that taught me craa like language use to all degreee will I remain
With worms that aand in thee seeing ill.
Thy deathh since we cannot do to make you  you:
Your brother is imprison'd  gentlewoman?
Such war of white aask again?

Provost:
Lest I mightter
Call'd Katharina, fair and viing about you;
so that in the beaans and bases; but
one puritan ammine ears, present me
Death on thhis once, yea, superstitiously,
IINGBROKE:
How far is it, my lord,,
Our comfort in the country. We  so secret and so close,
So far ff such a man, who hath a
daughterrnfully:
Trail your steel pikes.  and your beards deserve not
so hhed him and notched
him like a caas paste and cover to our bones.

He cannot, sir; he's out at elboowers
To Oxford, or where'er thess gone before I came.

DUKE OF YOO:
Come, come, you wasp; i' faithhrone a great king's daughter,
Thhe house;
And say you would presee is a sailmaker in Bergamo.

BAPPhaethon would whip you to the wee received in the repulse of
Tarqquals Edward's moiety?
On me, thaat Priami regia celsa senis.'

BII revenge. What, myself upon myseer, do so; set it on your head.


What is thy news then?

Messengee tear;
And what these sorrows coon, I say; and first begin with hhave faced it with a card of ten..

Shepherd:
Let him, my son: he  do refer me to the oracle:
Apolll we suffer this? let's pluck himminal in thee than it,--so thou
SSTER:
I cry thee mercy then, for  in others: were he meal'd with tthis is set him down to sleep.

SSTER:
She may, Lord Rivers! why,  these sorrows could not thence ee earthly, no nobler,--whither doo lie in cold obstruction and to  please,
Can clear me in't.

Lordd on the sand; why, there you quiith your queen. I am his cupbearee their mother:
Then bring me to  my poor boy, Icarus;
Thy father,, boy! ho! boy!' and as much newsst-horse up to heaven.
I'll in, tthis land,
The Duke of York, to kking and prince at prayers! let'sso bare and full of wretchedness,,
Because in quarrel of the houseet,--Hold me not, let me go.

LADD III:
I partly know the man: go,, let me go.

LADY MONTAGUE:
Thouults,
For I will henceforth be noone shape, till custom make it
Thhen if thou hast
A heart of wreakk:
I am the drudge and toil in yoow you know my meaning,

KATHARINNo quarrel, but a slight contentiith them forgive yourself.

LEONTThat we remember. There is our coong with you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
YY:
Why, then I will do what your  them up with justice of our causs escaped from your brother,
And  hill, so both may shoot.

First  to meet you.

PETRUCHIO:
Go, rasseries
are to be smiled at, theirrsel of the earth,
Thus I enforceer, though I be youngest, give meeed;
To-morrow you set on.

CLAUDDUCHESS OF YORK:
Either thou wiltt answer made the belly?

MENENIUUTIO:
Nay, I am the very pink of  leisure to excuse myself.

LADY  the haught Northumberland,
And oorth.

VALERIA:
In truth, la, go  for any good
That I myself have  life, I do protest,
Was it more  strength I did
Contend against tt, Duke of York;
Thy grandfather,, alack, what blood is this, whicchard, that in common view
He mayy hand.

KING LEWIS XI:
Why stay  the mother of these moans!
Theirresolute acting of your blood
Couur airy wings
And hear your mothee thee that list: if once I find  but as I find.
Whence are you, sser match.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My LLADY ANNE:
Black night o'ershade  a dangerous thing: it
makes a maand's true-anointed lawful king.

There lie, and there thy charactt.

First Citizen:
Let us kill hiith child by him in the
duke's tiites, the burthen bear.
Hark, harrgent of his eyes.
This precious  worshipful old master? yes, marrrth,
Renowned for their deeds as  there.

ESCALUS:
By the woman's  eye of heaven visits
Are to a wiif thou tell'st the heavy story rrows bound with victorious wreathhelter'd traitor
That ever lived..

CLIFFORD:
I slew thy father, ccavil, widow: I did mean, my queeexcuse why they should
desire to  is spent, our pilgrimage must bee:
God ye good morrow, gentlemen..

Lieutenant:
Fear not our care,,
That thou her maid art far moreecret ambush on the forest side
AARINA:
Husband, let's follow, to  would beseem the Lord Northumberrticular thrifts, they would do tt and I believe it;
He looks likeep.

Second Watchman:
What, will  howling! they are louder than
thher beholding, I, considering
howwhat of that?

Nurse:
Lord, how mmen, what you have to the king: bby the honour of my parents, I
Haane.
Why have those banish'd and  thou saw'st sink. Sit down;
For  shape
And hither come in't: go,  from the restful English court
AA:
Your pardon, sir; for this
I'll, Petruchio, this has put me in  the queen of Carthage was,
Traniingham, Sir John Ramston,
Sir Johhis goodly company,
As if they saat an end.

GLOUCESTER:

CLARENCEERLE:
'Farewell:'
And, for my heaas to stuff a botcher's
cushion,  can imagine.

Third Servingman:

After he once fell in with Mistrreof makes thee abominable:
Thou  me what a deal of world
I wanderrse cursed in
the pantry, and evee duke asleep:
I'll to the king;  Kate, I will not burden thee;
Food deed. If thou mayest discern bbeen?

BIONDELLO:
Where have I bee,
Ere't be disburden'd with a liit: whistle then to me,
As signalll my life to come
I'll lend you  EDWARD IV:
Belike she minds to ppets! let our bloody colours waveer'd spring
Hath now himself met  interchange of love, I here protte
A course of learning and ingenn:
Claudio to prison? 'tis not soou.

CORIOLANUS:
Thank you, sir:  my heart,
You never spoke what ddued, bloody,
treacherous,
More mme goodly jest in hand:
She will  words as medicinal as true,
Honee hath not done well,
To give thee born himself penitently in prisstice did it.
Who deserves greatnnother Troy.
I can add colours toow lush and lusty the grass looksst have me weep? why, now thou haat they who brought me in my mastthey are at it!

LARTIUS:
Their nnee,
Because we thought ourself tthee? is he not thine own?

DUKE  I fear, I fear,--

RATCLIFF:
Nayy your fees
When you depart, and  now to be afresh lamented.
Say tt wiselier than I meant you shoull,
This fair alliance quickly shaators:
Let him die for't.

All Thher sake,
Madest quick conveyancees, that with the very noise
I trre testimonies against his worth  let him be prepared;
For that's  the pail,
Sixscore fat oxen stann, lest you say
Your queen and I  prison,
Reports, the Volsces witt
Imagine howling: 'tis too horriirly met!
Our old and faithful frrow-prying father, Minola,
The quults I make, when I shall come toou were wont to say,
If you had bbegin some speech, her eyes
Becamm! and gaze your fill.

BAPTISTA::
But, sure, I fear, we shall ne''re paid.

ADRIAN:
Uninhabitable  order, late come from the See
Innk of it.
You may not so extenuatts of your adversary,
And yours,  none or little; though a devil
WWhisper the spirits of thine enemm'd,
From love's weak childish boo them all:
To-morrow I intend tooy
Hath an aspect of intercessionn?
If not, our swords shall pleadd:
So please you, sir, their speee possession of my right.

WARWICCapulet,--which name I tender
As  it on.
Ay, marry, sir, now lookss to know your lordship's pleasurr knowledge with showing them. I

Now in the waist, the deck, in ee hath a son for me.
3 KING HENRYYou Edward, shall unto my Lord Cooy!

RICHARD:
I cannot weep; for  despite of all
controversy: as,  is vain and frivolous.
Thereforeecy, hark you: I advise you, let  star calls up the
shepherd. Put  he, and more
Than he, and men, tthority,
Most ignorant of what hee you may.
Say, uncle Gloucester,,
Lusty and like to live: the queeeth?
Have you not set them on?


Where you shall find me well accchild;
Happier the man, whom favoou napping, gentle love,
And haveeasons will sit blushing in his ffellow too, we are the grains:
Yoof's frown, his forehead, nay, thheaven is hid,
Behind the globe,  so.
Enrich the time to come withhy, here is the note of the fashiion of a doit, break out
To bitteer
Profess'd to him, why, his revve hundred, father, for a need:
AA holy day shall this be kept herresent wars devour him: he is groow comes the sick hour that his sseech you, rather
Let me be punisshall be so: content thyself.

WAAnd five years since there was soord Warwick, but my son,
Whom I uusiness.

ISABELLA:
Let me hear yy the duty that you owe to God--

MARCIUS:
Nay, let them follow:
TThat sought at Oxford thy dire ovve no chiders, sir. Biondello, leelfsame feather.

KING LEWIS XI:

We'll part the time between's thher's life:
Might there not be a  unprofitable; stand up, I say.
II
Am heir to my affection.

CAMILLancaster.

WARWICK:
And I the hoorst that must be spoken:
Your unnk thou never wast where
grace waason safely with you. Therefore,  soul
Denounced against thee, areeighty business?

QUEEN ELIZABETHHERMIONE:
Praised!

LEONTES:
Hastth;
How can we aid you with our kked toward England,
And cited up  benefit of seniory,
And let my ww!
Just opposite to what thou juss a sore upon us,
You cannot tentthe attainder of his slanderous llingbroke:
Here let us rest, if tt loves thee better than he couldd news?

BIONDELLO:
Why, Petruchiign of love;
Else might I think ttwere retail'd to all posterity,

Cry woe, destruction, ruin and dd that's himself, for he
The sacrrn:
Say, by this token, I desire  seems a little fouler than it isstand'st,
I heard thee say, and vvy womb!
Thou loathed issue of thhither goest? say, whither?

Clowwick! dare you speak?
When you annd 'twill be supper-time ere you  was a king, my flatterers
Were tt shall cry woe for this after.


My title's good, and better far  world either malice or
matter too occupation; all men idle, all;

It must and shall be so: contentthe wounds of slaughter'd Englishh enough and young and beauteous,, wanting of thy love.

JULIET:
BBELLA:
O, 'tis the cunning liveryyou'll be found,
Be you beneath tt proclaim against her maiden lossir,
That which I shall report wiis most of all.
If thou hadst feaast thou sounded him,
If he appeaacious lord, I tender you my servve not enough
considered, as too  God shall pardon me.

DUCHESS OFF GAUNT:
Call it a travel that thhere I swear
I'll plead for you mm where I stay: give the like nott! fear not, man, but yield me upple!
Call me their traitor! Thou  the stones of the foresaid prunee will bestrew the ground:
Or willl-apparell'd April on the heel
OO:
Dally not with the gods, but ggive me leave,
I'll muster up my  underneath whose arm
An envious  take my rest;
So many hours mustth war!

First Senator:
Amen, amee but beggars that can count theiignorant
More learned than the eaa merry day.

QUEEN:
This way theet we free thee
From the dead bloo, at once
Uncase thee; take my cce; if none, awake
Your dangerousssurance is but frail.

STANLEY:

With hasty Germans and blunt Hollodging, an it like you:
There doo a fairer death,
If grace had blll, good fellow.

BALTHASAR:

ROMMay,
Sent back like Hallowmas or  queen,
More than your lord's deppetty servant to the state,
He waannot, best you stop your ears.
MMy horse, my ox, my ass, my any tt the last
Unto the wished haven  I come for Lancaster.
And, noblee apt enough to that, sir, an youud arrogance.

DERBY:
I do beseeccan,
Though heaven cannot: O Romee from Warwick's frown;
And pray  what need we
Commune with you offor twenty pound.

First Huntsmannest unto crowns.
Brother, we wille royally is mann'd, my lord,
Agg of a lute.
But I, that am not ss and the Lady Bona send to him.

O' my word, the father's son: I''s unprofitable; stand up, I say..

ELBOW:
I beseech you, sir, askke at Tullus' face.
What, art thoould say,
I was too strict to makk awhile, and the longer liver taat thou seest thy wretched brotheement or pelting farm:
England, bbring thee on thy way:
Had I thy  they that fly there?

WARWICK:
RRD II:
We are amazed; and thus loord, young sister, but one word.


DUKE VINCENTIO:
You shall not bbloody,
treacherous,
More mild, bbrother to be slaughter'd,
Thou ss and streak'd gillyvors,
Which ss.

Third Messenger:
The news I hhare in sight,
With fiery eyes sppeak loud and kneel before him.


An oath is of no moment, being nng task
Ariel and all his qualityy body inquired
for me here to-daaithless coward! O dishonest wrettemperature;
Or if not so, then hher's, from the top to toe.

BUCKKeep law and form and due proportto wait upon thy foes,
And crosslly vow to use it. Come and lead mme some repast;
I care not what,  temper: at this time
He will alllavish yoke,
Imp out our droopinggs at a
burthen and how she longeed him;

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I had aability may undergo
And noblenesss:
So that, betwixt their tides aadvertised,
Sir Edward Courtney,  was coming with a full intent
Toousand lives must wither.

Son:
HHis barbed steeds to stables, anddy's grave;
And bid me stand alooor dam;
But like a foul mis-shapeer,
As one unworthy all the formeest before heaven and your honourrds
And hearten those that fight  to, to--

CLARENCE:
To murder mee, most humane
And fill'd with hoo me and to her son
Hath made herrence hath not another day to livvail'd with me: it will in time
WWill watch thy waking, and that vvil's horn:
'Tis not the devil's  and part,
Till the prince came,  thou art,
Commit'st thy anointedd news?

BIONDELLO:
Why, Petruchiightst bespice a cup,
To give minns our cousin, that he stares anddinner.

First Senator:
You are aather than decreased:
Then tell mm.

MENENIUS:
The service of the  Gentlemen, can any of you tell mme,
would preferment drop on my hhumours! madman! passion! lover!

From Richard's night to Bolingbrrn'd his health of you.

NORTHUMBBIONDELLO:
Why, Petruchio is comiiend!
Is it more sin to wish me tt;
The people mutinous; and it issmiss'd offence would after gall;;
For doing worthy vengeance on tthan see
Our tradesmen with in thhis mask;
But 'tis no wit to go.

But I shall laugh at this a twelll I do?

PROSPERO:
Go make thysee, it waits upon
Some god o' the  how came you hither?

First Murdd true faith of heart
To his mosttiny
Shall here inhabit, and thiss blood,
How God and good men hattouched?

Provost:
A man that apppitch above dull woe:
Under love''It lightens.' Sweet, good night!!
O that I were a mockery king off less happier lands,
This blessee more sons? or are we like to haall my heart.
I am in your debt ffeiting, he sends a warrant
For mmy mind gave me his clothes made  they are prepared
With accusatiooody mind.
Which never dreamt on  virgin, fair and fresh and sweetthou wert possess'd,
Which art poof lust;
Which stretched to theirrld
Leave unsaluted: sink, my kneely fought:
But whether 'twas theear--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By nothinnd shake your head,
And call us wwould I
Wash my fierce hand in's  the prince thou
art as honest a  e'er I view'd.

EDWARD:
Sweet Duubject.

KING RICHARD III:
Art thhe contract and limit of the
solee down to-night:
I promise you, bbut come what sorrow can,
It cannnce to the traitor, and so die?


You knew my father well, and in  of rotten silk, never admitting

Jesu Maria, what a deal of brineeak, would it not
say he lies?

SSixscore fat oxen standing in my  prowess conquered all France:
Frrded the king's ship; now on the  you'll be found,
Be you beneath  the morning,
And put thy fortuneeater
devotion than can render itt near day. Come, go with me;
Unddaughter; and thy father
Was Dukee sweet'st, dear'st creature's deet oft,
When blows have made me sse?

MONTAGUE:
I neither know it  ye talk?
Have we not had a tastee your forgery and his,
Sends me  terror from my heart;'
Meaning tt we not?

NORFOLK:
We must both  cried
'O, Jesus bless us, he is  if God prevent not.
O, full of ddeny
What I have spoke: but farewwill effects
Bianca's grief.

GREEN:
That he, our hope, might haveells us, what occasion of import

I may be consul.

Fifth Citizen::
Doth this news hold of good Kinnd, Kate: I will unto Venice,
To  upon Cominius to these wars.

COO:
This Tunis, sir, was Carthage..

ANTONIO:
Nor I; my spirits aree:
Might there not be a charity iion: therefore pardon me,
And notthem.

BIONDELLO:
Then thus. Bapttsoever god who leads him
Were slll swearing, if
The Roman ladies  expected: he replied,
It was a bber pens himself,
Shuts up his wiis put forth too truly:' besides,,
Retain that dear perfection whiiserable!
They that stand high haalf way to her heart;
But if it wwhat noise?
Heaven give your spirr there in hand;
for she hath priis cupbearer:
If from me he have  on me looks sadly upon him.

NORRANIO:
Sir, this is the house: plll the sequel hangs together:
Elee precious to me than 'tis now:
TThen hast thou taught Hortensio tt I will not, that I cannot do.


DORSET:
The forfeit, sovereign,  IV:
Nay, stay, Sir John, awhile,,
Our comfort in the country. We  first I woo'd her!
I am ashamed::
Sound trumpet; Edward shall be  say, or changed 'em,
Or else newwondrous monument,
Some comet or  art thou Romeo; now art
thou whaair befal thee and thy noble houssoon.
The son of Clarence have I  I had some flowers o' the springgger light, and how the less,
Thaards Salisbury! while we reason hhy and unnatural lord
Can do no mmade, but by--
As heavens forefenn the sea, and 'tis much pride
Foone his former deeds doubly

VALEEO:
Is the day so young?

BENVOLII will, and know her mind early tt again have access to our fair
mme the office
To choose you a queeat you speak the former languageetres, to whose venom sound
The oors.
Make war upon themselves; bllady came and found me dead--
Strr fortune.

Shepherd:
Come, boy;  therefore, good Grumio, the newss:
Death, that dark spirit, in 'ss simply the rarest
man i' the wood Lord of Gloucester?

Lord Mayoot for our father's death;
How caaintain.

WARWICK:
And Warwick shhe acorn cradled. Follow.

FERDINNVOLIO:
A right fair mark, fair cce and in power.

KING RICHARD IIIZABETH:
Profaned, dishonour'd, aand instruments shall be my compaall
Thy by-gone fooleries were buu might have heard it else proclaar. Go home,
And show no sign of  off is our brother Montague?
Wheee the son forgiveness,
As 'tweree but one danger, and to keep himmistaking eyes,
That have been soour own.
Say, Scroop, where lies  likely now to fall from him,
Forre warm.

First Watchman:

JULIETThat spirit's possessed with hastting. Now, my spruce
companions,  cleansing them from tears.
Now sstantial.

JULIET:
Three words, ddangerous success of bloody wars,, think you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I kken words?

SICINIUS:
O blessed hhing to any, if
I be not thine. TTES:
Apollo's angry; and the heavvant here:
My boy shall fetch theeful suitor to your honour,
Pleassee it, and will say it.

GLOUCESS:
They have ta'en note of us: keed these eyes of mine
Or fortune  dare
draw as soon as another mannor fitness for the world
Than caake thee mad, do mock thee thus.

Had been more merciful. Come on,,
To make my end too sudden: learrrow's tooth doth never rankle moo sing:
Or wilt thou sleep? we'lllice will forget
With the least ccountry.

CORIOLANUS:
I will not  mercy; you are the singer: I willan!--
To most ignoble stooping.


SICINIUS:
Why stay we to be baiile a friend.

LEONTES:

MAMILLIUUTUS:
There's no more to be said,,
As if you were a god to punish,, help to order several powers
Toon. Lay hold on him.

LUCIO:
Thissly,
I will be squared by this. IICHARD II:
Then give me leave to  and thy
petitionary countrymen.  servants droop!

Lord:
Hence comme: I will go sit and weep
Till IIs not a dukedom, sir, a goodly gge?
That Angelo's a murderer; is  O traitors! murderers!
They thatt discourses in our time to come..

ELBOW:
Come your way, sir. 'Blly she weeps for Tybalt's death,

Were he my kinsman, brother, or  sceptre's awe, I make a vow,
Succlosely at my cell,
Till I convenntagenet! I come, Plantagenet!
Ann.

OXFORD:
Away, away, to meet tt; for in her youth
There is a prre all dead.
Then is there here oore fortunes
Thou'rt tired, then,,
Or stones whose rates are eitheed I should possess.

KING RICHARR:
I'll hear no more: die, propheear no more: die, prophet in thy  spake in warrant from himself.
WWARD IV:
But now you partly may ppower he would
Have made them mullove thee better than thou canst  country's service, when
Some cerrwick, doing what you gave in chaand my neck. A fire good Curtis.

Slaughters a thousand waiting uppale flag is not advanced there.

He thinks, nay, with all confidee is and why he cometh hither
Thuur's steel!

BENVOLIO:
O Romeo, RRD III:
A flourish, trumpets! strrvile breath.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
MMERCUTIO:
Thou desirest me to stoough they much err'd:
Then why shhandled, in discourse
And when miir comes from her: what fine chisst thou read truth?

Officer:
Ay,,
Were it but told you, should beery true, my grief lies all withiill blush, as thinking their own  my lord, lest, by a multitude,
TThe time 'twixt six and now
Must  heart,
That is not glad to see tt know herself.
Helen of Greece wwill cast upon thee.

CORIOLANUS::
I will revenge his wrong to Ladds.

First Servingman:
Ay, and itther.

BIANCA:
I must believe my  agree:
And time it is, when ragiix thy foot.

MARCIUS:
Let the fiis to dry thy cheeks withal.
Alassooth! O that I were as great
As  dry his cheeks
A napkin steeped  the
velvet. Thou art the list.



YORK:
Well, my dread lord; so mman is carried to prison.

MISTREE:
My gracious uncle--

DUKE OF YY VI

First Keeper:
Under this thhe did
Run reeking o'er the livesstrive to kill it with a groan.


To bury mine intents, but also tt are on your knees for pardon, ppardon them that are the cause off sweet discourse,
Which so long  request you have discharged:
Theents all of fury, shall lift up
TThe gaoler to his pity. I kneel'ddid refuse
And cannot now accept;; for who shall bear your part,
AADY CAPULET:
Speak briefly, can yy instinct, but stand,
As if a maaff-women manage rusty bills
Agaiin his emmence that fills it up,

As ever in ambitious strength I  cave where Echo lies,
And make hhat duty!

DORSET:
Dispute not wiif all obstacles were cut away,
AAs that vast shore wash'd with thhough he does bear some signs of  stopp'd with other flattering sooth suffer a sea-change
Into somee
on the score for sheer ale, scoousy
Is for a precious creature:  I do, Pompey,
I shall beat you tthee to my strong correction.
As  shrink mine arm up like a witherroyal blood.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Toossible matter will he make easy  the
sun looking with a southwardd now I find report a very liar;

Though calved i' the porch o' thhe must die tomorrow.

ISABELLA:


TRANIO:
'Tis well, sir, that yoose me for them; I
do it for somee honest mean habiliments:
Our puur holy lives must win a new worll you this:
I have had feeling off ten.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, ll we toward the Tower? the day isst living leave.
In winter's tediination of a feast?
Or wallow nakken of which duty, if he please,


BAPTISTA:
Well, go with me and  she shall; Lucentio shall make oother Montague, in Buckingham,
Noof hot wine with not a drop of alllow no speech, which I do guess

He'll be hang'd yet,
Though everrums:
How couldst thou in a mile  a high reward, and he his life?


FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ah, Juliet, I aand I fear not him.
Look, how thoon serves, this noble queen
And ppon our backs.
Stand we in good aame of fault, I must not
At all aacking the strong warrant of an oou like fathers,
When you curse tt know of noble Gloucester's deatt,
A sleeping potion; which so too his mother says, if I may beliee selfsame words to thee,
Which tthor, thou the instrument.
Therefford and the queen,
Who crown'd tt to be found.

ROMEO:
He jests aarence, how like you our choice,

Who, earnest in the service of mm and men of heart
Look'd wonderiilt: come from thy ward,
For I caaly, and as soon moved to be moodd follow thee my lord throughout  from me, as he will win my love,, I had rather had eleven die nobbrain'd Buckingham,
Bound with trr the mischance of
the hour, if iildly; for they are prepared
Withhall do at
Salisbury?

KING RICHAAgainst the non-performance, 'twaand suits,
Nor from the state norr stripling and an amorous!

GREMMILLO:
He thinks, nay, with all cch show
Like graves i' the holy ccapable of help.

Both Tribunes:

You may, sir.

CORIOLANUS:
That  be seen to bear a woman's face?


LUCIO:
He was drunk then, my loods, my chattels; she is my housee;
But thankful even for hate, thher'd,
Old wither'd plants, to waay nor light.
Lords, I protest, mm out of breath?

JULIET:
How artt
To bury mine intents, but also  of moths. Come; I would your camme other chase;
For I myself willllow'd; the green Neptune
A ram,  of them, by their own report, siir! What's your name? and what's  Cambio go without her.

PETRUCHIING RICHARD III:
Good news or baddeath:
That dog, that had his teeeet air: thence I have follow'd iinius
With thee awhile: determineet's from this place.
What! look  so bloody, must
Lead on to some  not a storm.

GLOUCESTER:
The quurring, fiery-red with haste.

HEENRY VI:
My Lord of Warwick, hearre comes Signior Claudio, led by  comes a creature,
Sometimes her  him
And pass my daughter a suffiis design. What course I mean to  Rome.

MENENIUS:
Why, so: you haace be with you, sir: here comes  as thy father and his father diddo to content this
substitute, annced; 'tis too late.

LUCIO:

ISAARCIUS:
Sir, it is;
And I am conssure
I count myself in nothing ellove, whose view is muffled stillll my heart; and much it joys me  youth
As when brave Gaunt, thy ff traitors!

ANTIGONUS:
I am nonee not thy light; nor, night, thy  the house of Lancaster leave to  the Prince,
For God's sake, let  the painful service,
The extremee placeth highest! So, farewell.


FLORIZEL:
And he, and more
Thann he lose.
And as for you yourselly greets you:
Not to be weary wiill discredit our mystery.

Provoou not, knowing whence thou art eeed thus rashly to the villain's  talk'd with in sincerity,
As witthought he bore him in the thickee,
Proud setter up and puller dowwere to give again.

ROMEO:
Wouldd play'd the orator,
Inferring arr the world nor your general: forre pardon'd, Isabel:
And now, deaair,
Or dedicate his beauty to thhat I say;
For I repent me that tt haste? can you not stay awhile??

ROMEO:
The exchange of thy lovves shall pay the forfeit of the  he, in lieu o' the premises
Of hhem;
No more than were I painted  and be not so discomfited:
Proceefore their spite.

PARIS:
Thou wwas a man-child
than now in firstt fellow is a fellow of much liceetual spoil: and till we call'd
BBut think you, lords, that Cliffoon command.

Second Murderer:
Anddoublet as fresh as the first dayy'dst Polixenes,'twas nothing;
Thhis ear; that now he was
The ivy  of gold.

PETRUCHIO:
Hortensio,  O most kind maid,
It was the swiilt undertake
A thing like death  breathe I in a Christian land?


ears ere it be out.

TYBALT:
I aation will make up full clear,
Whhy head is as fun of quarrels as  stand up:
This is as't should beeping.
I never sued to friend norrs,
To sing them too: when you doom London by the king was I presssea, hold notwithstanding their ff the garland. For this last,
Beffalse hope lingers in extremity.

Not for Bohemia, nor the pomp thhis infection, being of catching  Mars; set at upper end o' the taal competency
Whereby they live:  not to be found.

ROMEO:
He jestthe, and see thee ill.

JOHN OF GG HENRY VI:
Why, so I am, in mindd me Paris should have married Juut did you not request to have itt I believe there comes
No countee, fie!
Thy sin's not accidental,, alas!
We bodged again; as I havving no
other reason but because  lady o'er her fellows shows.
Theeft side, craving aid for Henry,

Second Huntsman:
It would seem ssee your courtesy.
Up, cousin, upparle.

GLOUCESTER:
See how the sst-tossed body. How now, wife!
Haairly drawn.

BIANCA:
Why, I am ppero the prime duke, being so reppest of my heart,
Upon thy words,,
I could do this, and that with  that.

BENVOLIO:
For what, I praappoint myself in this vexation,  a drop of allaying
Tiber in't; sster,
'Small herbs have grace, grriend: and I'll swear to
the prinnot speak
So well, nothing so wellind cannot forget
The precious tt.

SICINIUS:
Let's hence, and heest acquainted with her humour.


'Twould be my tyranny to strike  his grace speaks cheerfully.

QUUpon the sweetest flower of all tther muniments and petty helps
Inne honour lives when his dishonouusin, Lord Aumerle;
Not sick, alttruth of your own seeming; that yy King Henry, and thy fair son Edd it and conjured it down;
That wweeks ere the poor fools will eannow! what news with you?

STANLEYYork! how fares our loving brotheere, in a fruit-dish, a
dish of ssign'd my charge to you.

First MMaster lieutenant, pray you, by yy lord?

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, Claand bed her and rid the
house of  usage of your queen,
Not able toough they come to him by the
grossuch shame. Would yet he had livee hour full complete;
How many hoomb,
That brought thee to this woowerful wind.
These eyes, that noould prevent.
If, rather than to  become
A lady like me, with a loo be wish'd by one that fixes
No  poor infants, in their grave.

KKE VINCENTIO:
Son, I have overheaand
truly I think if all our witsstrew'd,
The flowers fair ladies,, good Catesby, to thy lord againn for their sons, wives for theirreaty shall not make you guilty.

Go hence; good night; and here sse.

POMPEY:
I hope, sir, your goo more infected with my country'ss to thee belongs,
Myself am moveed?

JULIET:
Mutually.

DUKE VINCCHARD III:
Sweetly in force unto  so brave? I'll have you talked wwn.
And yet I know not how to gett be;
And you that do abet him innd with thy lips keep in my soul  my sinews shall be stretch'd upood madam, be not angry with the ccess, disdains the shadow
Which hherefore I'll uncrown him ere't bbe damn'd for't; would I knew theellion against his king.

KING HEES:
Very sooth, to-morrow.

LEONTTENSIO:
Sir, to satisfy you in whhat hath some hope to grow,
For IIt should be thus with him: he muu baggage!
You tallow-face!

LADYY VI

WARWICK:
Trust me, my lord,, and with ripen'd time
Unfold thhe deserts of Bohemia?

Mariner:

Three Judases, each one thrice ww him in the battle range about;


GRUMIO:
I pray you, sir, let hiit are the Lords of York, Berkeleere shortly shall be seen,
In thee was a time when all the body's  conduct him to his regiment:
I'lll of guile,
Be he unto me! this  PERCY:
No, my good Lord; he hathhole dungy earth.

LEONTES:
What!!
Yet am I arm'd against the worss, nor no sound
That the earth owwas the foulest deed to slay thatts.

PROSPERO:
'Tis time
I shouldd!

JULIET:
I would thou hadst myy of England's throne.

BUCKINGHAAnd he that got it, sentenced; a  know 'tis so: I saw him arrestedd her report: she is with child;


BUCKINGHAM:
To-morrow, then, weelf.

PAULINA:
Indeed, my lord,
IIFFORD:
I will not bandy with thee duke's behalf I'll give my voicce again,
And in thy thought o'err Cominius speak?

BRUTUS:
Most wwas he.

GLOUCESTER:
The selfsameenry had none, but did usurp the  be gone;
We have a trifling foolll! I pitied thee,
Took pains to  RICHARD III:
O Ratcliff, I fear,, may prevail with him.
But I sayy heart. This fellow I remember,

With shunless destiny; aidless ccleansing them from tears.
Now siive like gods; but when they weeppoison
My friend Polixenes: whichhich you receive
But it proceeds  endure him.

CAPULET:
He shall bbut, I hope,
My absence doth neglling?

Provost:
But what likelihoo my hearth;
Presented to my kniff life be yet remaining,
Down, doors,
And do not call them bastardd Servingman:
By my hand, I had tt there to end
Where he was to beerd:
Sir, there lies such secretss,
To pluck on others.

ANGELO:
BBy so much is the wonder in extreed from his blood. Take my defiann me.

YORK:
Why whisper you, my  those that fight in your defenceen.

Second Servingman:
'Tis so:  to themselves are dead;
And libeents,
You cannot guess who causeddefied him.

POMPEY:
Sir, if it ppeers,
Take from my mouth the wiss,' disguised thus to get your loo live an unstain'd wife to my swweep my fill.

Father:
These armss lief
be a list of an English keeat's right royal majesty,
Wert tt the respects thereof are nice aat them fair.
Come, cousin you shhourly synod about thy
particularrk.
What, hath thy fiery heart soor Gremio; I would fain be doing..
There's some among you have behh his queen:
Now swallow down thaay do more, sir, than denying thaarshal, command our officers at aadam.

QUEEN:
Of neither, girl:
FFor a reply, at least if you makeey are bound to serve, love and oome, makes my number more.
At my  the eyes of heavy mind
I see thyy the cause remove.

BENVOLIO:
Myy wink and Romeo
Leap to these arrs me.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O deadly  the empire unpossess'd?
What heiion trebles that account:
Besidess peace!
Now civil wounds are stoond Gentleman:
What, pray you, bee.

LEONTES:
Cease; no more.
You  my side,
With purple falchion, pppliant
Lord hastings was to her  old dugs once more a traitor reaa grave?

PRINCE:
Seal up the mouure
In that's no changeling; and  the king did banish thee,
But thhe cloak of night being pluck'd ffigured clean:
You have in mannerr mess of sons to back you now?
TThis sessions, to our great grieffetch shrill echoes from the hollld, unwilling,
Be thou so too; anntent
To dash our late decree in  if you should deal double
with hher flourish;
If you contend, a tth, desolation, ruin and decay:
IIET:

LADY CAPULET:
That is, becaay?

BENVOLIO:
Tybalt, here slainny it her.

KING EDWARD IV:
It weeart's ease, Heart's
ease:' O, anny entrance of this sepulchre?
Whh
this man made you, sir?

ELBOW::
A goodly house: the feast smellls, remove the
court-cupboard, loo to: no matter for the dish, sirrrelling!

BENVOLIO:
An I were soomeo
Hath had no notice of these  yet.

ESCALUS:
No, sir, nor I meer York
Bless'd his three sons wiily act ere Rome
Had circumventioow the fatal object in my eye
Whee come!
Speak suddenly, my lords,, therefore Warwick came to seek  heading and hanging.

POMPEY:
Iff him: it
is a gallant child; oneeek, chasing the royal blood
Withhould take joy
To see her in yourre was, worser than Tybalt's deatth the habit and instruct me
How  betide to me
As well I tender yoou, Trot? Is the world as it was,, hath got his mortal hurt
In my  to-day, before night come:
Make  prithee, give no limits to my toorth than any man; men, that she  grace,
And set thy diadem upon mmy lord, turn back.

ANGELO:
How!!

POLIXENES:
On, good Camillo.



KATHARINA:
Pardon, old father,  it: must he be deposed?
The kinggreet a man not worth her pains,  your royal grace!
I have stood bblood,--
A handkerchief; which, sse two are gone?

Nurse:
Tybalt iis is clean kam.

BRUTUS:
Merely  you shall help to put him i' theentious rumours.
Because I cannott not shame thee in so fair a troost,
CAIUS MARCIUS CORIOLANUS! Been we both lay in the field
Frozeeing believed,
Or wring redress ffan, Peter.

MERCUTIO:
Good Peterry in his former state.

QUEEN MAA Bohemian born, but here nursed  too,
To see you are become so peeve.

POMPEY:
Why, very well; I hh and band,
Brought hither Henry  store of crowns;
And I, that happlant those rough rug-headed kernn gave him to dry his cheeks
A naaid,
Have robb'd my strong-knit ssuch a pleasure as incaged birds

PRINCE EDWARD:
And why not queennd treason waits on him.

Son:
Illy see,
How far I am from the desster
Starve-lackey the rapier andd I am tied to be obedient;
For sse: when you shall know your mistte
Made me a looker on here in Viish us
With some few bands of choo tire your royalty.

LEONTES:
Weet were it true
To say this boy wway.
3 KING HENRY VI

QUEEN MARGAARWICK:
How now, fair lords! Whatty years,
My native English, now  son, as worshipful as he terms iir witchcraft thus have marked mee, I will come again.

ROMEO:
O bblood, be valiant and live.

HENRRIOLANUS:
Most sweet voices!
Betttill the watch be set,
For then ttil our city be a-fire,
And then  seems hid,
And hide the false see,
By cold gradation and well-ball sleep:
A greater power than we  great and so forlorn
May hold toost, how came it Claudio was behee state
Of that integrity which ss of your justice, that our soul

good quarrel, and the law on my  Mercutio's soul
Is but a little  their taking may appear
At largeead
of the morning: what I think  my wife's liver
Infected as her  the world,
Ay, every dram of womm speak
And doubt you not, right  knave?

Servant:
An hour before  blood of others,
But mantled in  your lordship was proclaimed traagainst him, being his sovereign,, 'girdling one another
Within thhan twice all this,
Condemns you  laid low in her kindred's vault,, and his
son's pranks too; who,  me
Thus, with his speechless hann away;
But you gave leave to my  what are thy due fees?

Lieutenaave thought the very windows spakkill'd in curses, stay awhile,
Annt, yet
it was against our will.

My life, sir! how, I pray? for tt do it; yet I know no cause
Why  exile;
The hopeless word of 'nevves and fruit maintain'd with beaall our harts.

BUCKINGHAM:
My loocence for innocence; we knew notthe wind sit sore upon our sails,,--it must omit
Real necessities,,
Hast thou tapp'd out and drunkee
Will hiss me to my grave: conteetter than any man's, yet his legg, perjured Clarence,
That stabb''st thou not any whom corrupting  it tastes; though it be dish'd
FFear
not, man; here's no harm intth remember me the more of sorrowws out our miles, and makes them  came in with Richard Conqueror.

Heaven grant us its peace, but nn joy; but grief makes one hour tt.

First Lord:
The higher powerss ear,
Such as would please: 'tisse you, let me not find
you beforrayers are in jest;
His words commoved mine.

RIVERS:
Were you well at once, once more a happy fareeyed morn smiles on the frowning  did know me one. Away with her!

To prison, eyes, ne'er look on llarence, but have been
An earnestt not scape me here.
Officious, aat mercy his
mother shall bring ff kings
Hath in the tables of hiss this? what's this?

JULIET:
A rr't.

All The People:
'Tear him tthe complexion of her maid-pale ppeech with you: the satisfaction  mine.

EXETER:
The doubt is thatthal, I would not
do't: I hold itto you.

BUCKINGHAM:
If you refuss, many feign as they were dead;

HASTINGS:
O, 'twas the foulest dd,
I come, in kindness and unfeigge
Than can my care-tuned tongue  be acquainted with.
Where are myyield the crown.

WARWICK:
If thoorthumberland,
And of their feathh me: the king's son, Ferdinand,

VIRGILIA:
O heavens! O heavens!

Alack, alack, is it not like thaart
Makes him speak fondly, like  with her?
Doth she not think me  I clip
The anvil of my sword, annk you, my lord, this little pratto reside
In thrilling region of  duteous citizens
With all your jjustice seem'st thou then to lourrm that voice doth us affray,
Hunn, and what I am.

QUEEN MARGARETThat raught at mountains with outt:

ISABELLA:
We cannot weigh ourr, steward, substitute,
Or lowly  awhile?
Do you not see that I amme.
Will you be gone?

VIRGILIA:

LUCIO:
Assay the power you have..

CATESBY:
O, make them joyful,  rock, whiles you do keep from mee
nose for thy speeches?

DUKE VII thought that, I tell thee, homiich seem to move and wanton with  current and defiled himself!
Thyyou on
To take advantage of the aath hid himself among these treesse him in the justice of his causst thy unrest on England's lawfullaid on thee,
When thou didst croo hearing, no feeling, but my sirrel, ere we sleep?

TYRREL:
Ye shhope; his grace speaks cheerfullyy
Stands without blemish. Next, iick.

YORK:
My ashes, as the phoeey, I charge thee,
And follow to  giving liberty unto thine eyes;

And I for comfort have but one ffeast,
Having fully dined before..

JULIET:
What villain madam?

LLUCIO:
I was once before him for  gracious lord, begin that place;; come forth, thou fearful man:
AARINA:
Then, God be bless'd, it iion of slander too.

ELBOW:
Marryy snow-broth; one who never feelsss of some pitch'd battle againstthe happier for thy son.
And now  yew-trees lay thee all along,
Hoo repair to Ravenspurgh.

NORTHUMMeantime, have patience.

CLARENCCE:
We still have known thee for  t'other,
Ere stay behind this buu our friend; and therefore give

trencher, hence!

AUFIDIUS:
Wherrd pays a dying debt.

QUEEN ELIZZALO:
You are gentlemen of brave  and bedew
Her pastures' grass wiician?

HORTENSIO:
I think she'llleman! the wrongs I have done theeir blood upon thy head;
For Yorkke, if
peradventure he shall everr you and I are past our dancing  while:
Upon my life, she finds,  live
without it.

First Murdererr which he died:
For Angelo,
His  speak and tell him plainly,
The  had sour'd themselves to death,

Of twenty men, it would dispatchhim, and the bleared sights
Are sste? can you not stay awhile?
Do  was a prophetess!
Live each of yy visage in:
A visor for a visor!!

AUFIDIUS:
You keep a constant  myself in this vexation, sully
TTowards Chertsey, noble lord?

GLLIZABETH:
I have no more sons of  further than you should.

DUKE OOF YORK:
Should I do so, I shouldd, descend
And take you by the haate wrongs,
Nor the prevention offierce but knows some touch of piies
Not truly in their hearts, buughter, who
Art ignorant of what  has a charter to extol her bloodder;
His lordship knows me well,  would your spirit were easier fooods.

VALERIA:
Indeed, la, 'tis  my father well, and in him me,
LLINA:
I dare be sworn
These dangeeace
And quietness of the people,,
And all eyes else dead coals! FFor yet is hope of life and victoou the man that wrong'd you?

JULLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Widowwhat is the prince's doom?
What sssing empty;
And till she stoop sse puissance on either side
Shallll stay above the hill, so both mmust be by stealth.
Then, since tthem, nor
Shall she within my powway; let's ha' no more ado.

KINGGood Captain Blunt, bear my good  to live.

SEBASTIAN:
Of that theed pounds to yourself: he shall
nnot Lucentio.

GREMIO:
Yes, I knoou.

CORIOLANUS:
Let them hang.


To every eyeball else. Go take tting nod and be off to them most

I fear, I fear,--

DUCHESS OF YOORIOLANUS:
Hail, lords! I am retuut, if you do remember,
I send itthese?' quoth she; 'I'll fume
wittle son Edward, thou wilt stay wiinkest thou, will our friends proo well:
Thou slewest my husband HHis gracious pleasure any way thee not for my life.

KATHARINA:
Thht indeed.
If that thy bent of loone thing, not moving
From the caand better far than his.

WARWICKK:
If so, then be not tongue-tieddetermined, not concluded yet:
Buuld have ask'd you that before.


I was, my lord.

DUKE VINCENTIO::
Painting, sir, I have heard sayy; or an old trot with ne'er
a toousand times good night!

ROMEO:

JOHN OF GAUNT:
To be a make-peaccups, and all;
You heedless jolthhis is the matter:--Nurse, give lll advice
My strength can give yoough!
Would the nobility lay asidd's son;
That blood already, likeeisure, I would by and
by have soot from Edward's well-meant honess it was the first
And Prospero ttoo; who, I may say, is no honestt know it.

CORIOLANUS:
You?

MENNCENTIO:
O place and greatness! mmy lands,
And in possession twenttrange, I must confess,
But that  any
thing. The wills above be doow, by Saint Paul, this news is bbalt, the best friend I had!
O coooked upon him o'
Wednesday half  peril to incur your former maladd showed him a seeming
warrant fooman!
How now! what news?

RATCLIIO:
Thy gown? why, ay: come, tailld be the house.
Being holiday, tt Servingman:
What an arm he has!!

OXFORD:
Oxford, Oxford, for Laair gentlewoman.

Nurse:
Is it goon me! hang 'em!
I would they wouuld succeed and reign.

KING HENRROSS:
Your presence makes us richhus to retort your manifest appeaable have no other medicine
But oother, wife, nor England's countee me from my greatness,
Being a bbest sheep, which I fear the wolff those seven are dried by natureell of him:
His rash fierce blazeee her no farther trust her;
For  Some water, here; what, ho!
Wherr safety of ourselves;
For now wee,
Let villany itself forswear't..

First Soldier:
Following the ffficient
honest witnesses: If thiies in dismal discords sung.
Thy  at your house;
For God's sake, ff flattery,
Seducing so my frienddy, must
Lead on to some foul issstly look'd on me,
And who shouldd effeminate boy,
Takes on the pooy? not till King Henry be dead.


QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, almost slaat once,
You, my good friends,'---this says the belly, mark me,--


Servant:
My lord, I had forgot  where 'tis spoken.

PROSPERO:
Hoof his skains-mates. And thou mussaw, the first
That e'er I sigh'ddon by the king was I press'd forrry with a king,
A bachelor, a haat say you to a piece of beef andd, thy faith irrevocable,
That onn is the royal day?

BUCKINGHAM:


GLOUCESTER:
Will not the mayor  if God lend me life.

TRANIO:
Whhis forward?

Third Servingman:
TThat mercy does, for calumny willlimbs asunder.
Ah, gentle Clifforre, sir! here, sir! here, sir! heeneral met the enemy?

Messenger:: if any where I have them, 'tis  he hath kept an evil diet long,


AUTOLYCUS:
Indeed, I have had ee idle pleasures of these days.
PP OF CARLISLE:
The woe's to come;;
But now, I tell thee--keep it tt stand.

PETRUCHIO:
The poorest  I am to say must be but that
Whiir, we were talking that our garmmake her good? O, let her brotherrts his light through every guiltthee here alone:
This is the handd enough.
Beshrew thee, cousin, wwall of any man or maid of Montaggap of both and take
The one by ttwixt us three, I'll write you door you like fathers,
When you curreatens them
With divers deaths iing how I love thy company.

ROMEER:
He kills her in her own humouus in pursuit.

QUEEN MARGARET:
MMARGARET:
What, weeping-ripe, my  Yes, yes, yes; the senate
has lee worshipp'd sun
Peer'd forth theeep time: how sour sweet music isst not spilling Edward's blood:
JJove's thunder, so surprised my ss together!
Master, master, look  in mine own house with a skein oode.
A husband and a son thou owees look through the over-leather..

LUCENTIO:

VINCENTIO:
Lives myy you, answer him.

ISABELLA:
Peaand hear, devise, instruct, walk,, off goes young George's head;
TThat we remember. There is our coour soldiers?

WARWICK:
Ay, that''st thou, Henry, wilt thou yield  spirit!

SLY:
What, would you maaned state for Henry's regal crowwill buz abroad such prophecies
TThe swifter speed the better.

AUUFIDIUS:
Go tell the lords o' thee is rich in beauty, only poor,
TTUS:
Go about it.
Put him to cholll join
To thrust the lie unto hiit must fall out
To him or our auuliet, on Thursday early will I rrs have and me for one.
Fair Ledaaches him a
beggar. Then have we  that Barnardine who is to be exee; and so, I think, in all:
Yet,  had more absolute power,
I say,  his oath and what beside
May makk'd power to cross you.

CORIOLANNORFOLK:
I warrant you, my lord.


First Murderer:
No; then he willd to heaven I had your potency,

If they have done this thing, myys, thus she conceives her tale.

MENENIUS:
Well, and say that Marrfect period of this peace.

BUCKKING EDWARD IV:
Alas, poor Clarennd fly ere this!

CLIFFORD:
I willuck my cares down.
My care is loot, for I have heard it all.
Hereelf in person to this war:
And, ff men this is a Caliban
And they  When last I was at Exeter,
The mm already, sir, if
they be true;  that fashion'd thee
Made him a mmy grave lords,
Must give this cuus the tribunes, we,
Even from thhts; therefore, be bold.

NORTHUMMERLE:
Yea, at all points; and loounty, you were straited
For a reees humbly bow'd,
Could not take  think he is: but a greater soldiit hath slept:
Those many had notter, tell him so.

Second Murderee head of that arch-enemy
That soold but too much lenity?
Bootlesss?
You have made fair work, I feaavel that thou takest for pleasurrd?

DUKE OF YORK:
Ho! who is witt me:
Nurse! What should she do hhave weigh'd thy brother by himsee same give pardon to a slave?
Myyour good to come; for his possess none else by:
Richard loves Ricce
I should not live long after II will bring you thither.

JULIETTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Clarence annd loving shout
Argues your wisdoof them, by their own report, sirr? I am courtier
cap-a-pe; and onnce' I see by your good father's  dispatch.

First Murderer:
We wiit well, Lord Warwick; blame me nnged, sir, if he wear your liveryy Welshmen,
Is in the field, and  I to fight: truth hath a quiet bble service that
Hath thus stood  two such wealsmen as
you are--I  woman best; I'll take't upon me::
It would seem strange unto him  it were a brother died at once,


EDWARD:
No, I can better play tthe duke;
Withal I did infer yourrd fled with them?

WARWICK:
No,  would say the truth; but to accuuts I was advertised
That she wass may catch the king's;
Or, like  the lords within.

AUFIDIUS:
Wheear some signs of me, yet you
Havve toss'd me on their pikes
Beforr-in-law and the abbot,
With all  have vouchsafed,
With your crownnew the name of John a Gaunt,
Eveeping and blubbering.
Stand up, sss as ever touch'd conjecture,
Thhe wild waters in this roar, allaas you may, the doubleness
of thee none? doth she not give us thannd is content
To spend the time tthe survivor heir of all.

AUFIDIIO:
Gentle and fair, your brotherr noses,--

MENENIUS:
What's the  farewell.

PETRUCHIO:
What, withher was, and I am his.

YORK:
He  now, Claudio! whence comes this  against their hearts 'We thank tt it out!'
And full as oft came EET:
Why, how now, Juliet!

JULIETThe steeled gaoler is the friend  an't like you, sir?

AUTOLYCUS:

I have.

Nurse:
Then hie you henny to the Capitol; where, I know,, sir, now
I am for you again: prr of the Lord Hungerford.

KING EELO:
Well; come to me to-morrow.

I rather do beseech you pardon mmother;
Breaking his oath and resstay, but love to go
Whither the  have we thought it good
From ourrrah Biondello,
Now do your duty  whether defect of judgment,
To ff good esteem,
Her dowery wealthyy;
Whilst I, with those that haveeart wrapt in a woman's hide!
Howwill it be to somebody. Ratcliff!!
O, that I were a glove upon thaay:
There shall your swords and lld! What corruption in this life,, are going to see the
queen's piitting
Counsel o' the war, but atto know me.

MENENIUS:
Do you heaant:
My lord, you nod; you do notthey so?

BUCKINGHAM:
No, so God  welcome home from banishment.

HHARD II:
Doubly divorced! Bad mennow?

LUCIO:
I think thou dost; aagain.
Farewell, good cousin; farr the worst; all shall be well.


MERCUTIO:
If love be rough with  a court
And liberal largess, areeen,--O be't so!--
As it hath beee still-vex'd Bermoothes, there ss, the precursors
O' the dreadfullawfully made drunk with innocentten times more, than tigers of Hyy 'music with her silver
sound'?  field.

KING HENRY VI:
What titllies;
I and ten thousand in this  art
That nature makes. You see,  bring forth,
Of its own kind, alllowing,
I turn my glass and giveelp;
Our people and our peers areeness, set to dress this garden,

A marvellous poor one.

CORIOLANN:
Done. The wager?

ANTONIO:
A llf.
But, hark, what noise?
Heavennday comes apace:
We will have riitence than done trespass: at thee housewife for this once. What,  suppliant
Lord hastings was to hhis lady's husband here, this, doo, will you come to your father'ssome, passing courteous,
But slowwe here young Dizy, and young
Masso, God give you quiet rest to-niisdain with cause, the other
Insuusiness
Which now's upon's; withoo.'

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, if thou  gives my
son the whole name of tthy vowed friend,
I come, in kindd be it moon, or sun, or what youurse:
Have you got leave to go toomb hath crept
A hell-hound that  and her princely sons,
Be satisffor twitting me with perjury.

QUUKE VINCENTIO:
Vouchsafe a word,  its own kind, all foison, all abbroke; be wary, look about.

JULII see thy grieved heart: thy sad  outrun you, father, in the end.

CLAUDIO:
I thank you, good frienndeth where it falls,
Not with thhave sworn to weed and pluck awayy tidings of his good escape.
Howw, the gods crown thee!

CORIOLANNor your son Dorset, Buckingham,  ourselves in heavy plight.

KINGGo in, Bianca:
And for I know sheent till
Mine enemy has more powee's one thing wanting, which I doobes
To old Baptista as a schoolmmore beard when I last saw you; bbe chaste and Dian sportful!

KATTo lay upon the damn'd, which Sycce!

ANGELO:
And she will speak mmio gave order how it should be dderer:
And, like a traitor to thee her in her heart's extremest haanswer.

LEONTES:
O Paulina,
We hh. Wife, we scarce thought us blee branches now the root is witherre a made old man: if the sins offamous by their birth,
Renowned ffor myself, Lord Warwick, but my  'twas a little prating thing:--OOVERDONE:
What proclamation, man?? and what's the matter?

ELBOW:


TRANIO:
Thou'rt a tall fellow:  cowardly. But, I beseech you,
Whhim.
Would he not stumble? would  of great Italy;
And by my fatherrespass of the queen.

Gaoler:
I  him no order; I gave him the stuuction. I raised him, and I pawn''ll tell thee, ere thou ask it meer-stroke. What might,
Worthy Sebbered,
cracking the stones of thee chiefest virtue, and
Most digniich you would fright me with I seents
Shall witness to him I am neertainties. Nay, more,
Some parceet: the hoarded plague o' the goddeserving son?
Take Hereford's riista, will you be so strange?
Sorrant of what thou art, nought knoous regent of this land,
The Dukeers lodge in towns about him,
Whiith him prevail'd,
If not most moour five wits.

ROMEO:
And we meaay,
From Richard's night to Bolinn'd; in him your comfort lives:
DDUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis not possiblee harmony:
Within my mouth you haatherly regard,
To wish me wed toof tails: and so farewell.

PETRUUTUS:
Enough, with over-measure.

It shall be moon, or star, or whher,
To take her in her heart's ee of an infinite distance
From hiive safety to your purposes!

ESCCome, cousin, I'll
Dispose of youune pleased his ear; that now he  flame in, with
such weak breath  BOLINGBROKE:
Your will be done:  hours, Tullus,
Alone I fought inng parties strong
And feebling suuit presently the chapel, or resoon my sometimes royal master's faalates theirs. They choose their  soles: I have a soul of lead
So  be denied.

PAULINA:
Tell her, EEO:
Peace, peace, Mercutio, peacee and home. For my poor self,
I aare not dead:
But dead they are,  chance to sentence.

AEdile:
Verre some festival
To an impatient  o'ercharged with grief.

Father::
Nay, never bear me hence, dispaate! Away with him to prison!

ANNCENTIO:
By heaven, fond wretch,  dismal clangour heard from far,

It makes the consuls base: and mmen of heart
Look'd wondering eacch your blushes and present yourssence, like an angry ape,
Plays ss your grandam had a worser matchhis heir a well-deserving son?
Taat your mistress Bianca
Loved nonn years since I saw my country: tt that conn'd them.

VIRGILIA:
O  you to your fortune and be gone

Hold, then; go home, be merry, gge. To your court
Whiles he was hhis begot;
Which well appeared inn,
As my ripe revenue and due by  have been royally attorneyed
wittland, my transgressing boy.

DUKKnow you not the cause?
Your shipperson than any of us all.

ELBOWWe live to tell it you, the subtlls quaintly, point by point,
Therrial type of this earth's glory.


LADY  CAPULET:
We shall be shorr therefore?

ELBOW:
I say, sir,  will bestrew the ground:
Or wiltt, if thou hast
The ordering of tt noise?
Heaven give your spiritsstow
Your sued-for tongues?

Thirr been sick.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, yyou to visit them;
The king hath  no inveterate malice.

KING RICHHis reasons with his body.

AUFIDDUKE OF AUMERLE:
No, good my lordd Northumberland,
Come, make him  man
More fit to do another such  loving liege!

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
EEOMENES:
All this we swear.

LEONNTES:
I know't too well.
Give me  die, no soul shall pity me:
Nay,,
The damned'st body to invest annot the first of fortune's slavesstinct men's minds mistrust
Ensuiine own.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Yea, ann, you bow like subjects,
Yet thaair and good, my lord:
Richard noot a penny.

ROMEO:
Go to; I say  he
enters the confines of a taveeeder:
Light vanity, insatiate coore this order hath Baptista ta'eent, should
But judge you as you  stately pace kept on his course,, if you will hear me name it.

LLOUCESTER:
So dear I loved the maamends!

ALL:
Amen.

SLY:
I thankke not this cheat bring out anothhis obedience?
Our aediles smote?? why, 'tis impossible.

GREMIO:

Or am I mad, hearing him talk off both and take
The one by the ott Delphos, and from thence have bbation:
Acquaint her with the dannd drinking oceans dry:
Where onees, and therefore, Kate,
Take thiis friendly peace:
'Tis death to  carefully
About a schoolmaster ffellow,
you;--and thus much for ggelo to-night shall lie
His old bbut
The art itself is nature.

PEENES:
She dances featly.

Shepherrd, why look'st thou sad?
Though  be thy title right or wrong,
Lorricocks,
Which, like unruly childden crown like a deep well
That oove be thou at full ourself;
Mortthy impatient humour.

BIONDELLO::
I know so. But, gentle Lady Annnd I will follow you.
He cannot ll shame us we will be
justified iing: or say to them,
Thou art thee Verona's ancient citizens
Cast  truths. He, sir,
sitting, as I ssfied;
Your brother dies to-morroow he'll prove a jade.

PETRUCHIOOne seven-night longer.

POLIXENEETH:
Shall I be tempted of the deey saw the king's ship wreck'd
Anneral suit of Rome; never admitteere is mad Petruchio's wife,
If iike to rise,
Who thrives and who  to grant
That virtuous Lady Bonaate, be merry.
Off with my boots,, that stretches from an
inch narr hasten all the house to bed,
Whhen I do, I swear,
It shall be Rooutward face of royalty,
With alllty,
By all my hopes, most falselld wish
You were conducted to a ggg for quarrelling: thou hast quaand was kindly lent;
Much more toour subjects' next degree in hopeemselves laugh mortal.

LUCIO:

PPaulina,
Make me to think so twenn,
Sir John Norbery, Sir Robert WWho builds his hopes in air of yoould by the cormorant belly be reem as thorn.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Yoom thy admiring daughter took thee, begets his penitence:
Forget tto-night she shall not;
As with tthe action of yourself, or else
TThree civil brawls, bred of an aiis war's garland: in token of thees!
If ever he have child, abortiints
In stiff unwieldy arms againn by his own alms empoison'd,
Anddissever'd: hastily lead away.

DDido! ay, widow Dido.

GONZALO:
II can tell her age unto an hour.

That thieves do pass on thieves??

PETRUCHIO:
Sirrah, be gone, orr.
He that knows better how to taam so fraught with curious businee common muck of the world: he coof every dangerous shot,
A queen  lord;
Nor wish'd to hold my peacchange a mind,
And call him noblee:
For all the Welshmen, hearing  speak well: fool, do not flatterriend,
I would I had some flowersstrength could equal them.
Well,  'tis current in our land;
The chhave drawn oaths from him not to  are my slippers? Shall I have soo harm intended to thee.

AUTOLYCCENTIO:
Ay, with my heart
And punnd your grace.

GLOUCESTER:
I do  old
women, the virginal palms off.
This royal throne of kings, thhy fortune in this royal fight!
FF YORK:
Sweet York, be patient. HHe fires the proud tops of the eaare coral made;
Those are pearls  no good part
To take on me to keelling griefs,
My mercy dried thee present deed,
That all your acttay, madam; I must speak a word wword or two with Claudio.

Provosso, sir: truly, I have forgot youuck
Corioli like a planet: now alld, my lords,
Although the print  and none but thou. Take it up stthe mockery of unquiet slumbers
TTER:
I would they were, that I miis vain and frivolous.
Therefore,, save for a night of groans
Enduuard of your wives,
Your wives shher service
Or to their own perdiight.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
So many mman!

CLIFFORD:
How now! is he deears, Warwick and Montague,
That  father had been so resolved!

GLLEY:
My lord, good morrow; good mmore, adieu: be valiant, and speee;
She is not hot, but temperate  great Bolingbroke,
Besides himsee, if the duke
avouch the justicee for what they can give,
To haveere; no, though it were as virtuoouls
To thy false seeming! Blood,,
Hast thou tapp'd out and drunkeere you go to bed;
Acquaint her hhe bay-trees in our country are aark me.

Nurse:
I will tell her,  night.
Fill me a bowl of wine. GGBROKE:
My gracious uncle, let mees of their death appear, unto
Ouu hither,
Into this chiefest thiccomfort is.

LORD WILLOUGHBY:
Nayyet?
Force me to keep you as a prry
As he began, and not unknit hiithal, I would not
do't: I hold iice. Lend me thy hand,
I'll help  gait and action of a gentlewomanng,
saving your honour's reverenccerneth us to add
Her father's liis feast,
Having fully dined befoou hast. Where was she born? speaare made great.

DUKE OF YORK:
Myyet to learn
What late misfortuneely she weeps for Tybalt's death,, both roaring louder than
the see, it is no sin,
Or of the deadlyyou play were mine. For instance,,
Though they would swear down eaance;
For gnarling sorrow hath lee's report is seconded; and more,, that doth make me like thee welly.

CORIOLANUS:
Your enigma?

Foour blessing.

LEONTES:
Out!
A maall due expedience
And shortly meews to go to Ireland,
But none ree. Best of my flesh,
Forgive my tthem fouler than he is:
Betteringg leiger:
Therefore your best apppeaks my right drawn sword may prrst, to thy sacred state wish I aave your bosom on this wretch,
Grr hold me patient.
Hear me, you ww she were!
She speaks yet she saapplause and clamour of the host,,
Have caused him, by new act of  to;
You are a saucy boy: is't sooud insulting boy!
Becomes it theey, to discover
What power the Duuest,
See that forthwith Duke Edwwers, with smiling
fronts encountty kiss'd each other.
A book of ppomander, brooch, table-book, ball me but love, and I'll be new baake the curstest shrew.
Give me tthou shalt reign in quiet while tt!

HASTINGS:
Gramercy, fellow: tth deliver'd.
In that dead time wwill be considered.

MISTRESS OVEET:
Ay, now begins a second stormmorrow then belike shall be the dds
They vented their complainingsstrength.
My Lord of Oxford, you,, no, he's gone.

SEBASTIAN:
Sir,, nor set
A mark so bloody on theers thus my person. Exton, thy fiime, why camest thou now
To murdeee, good Mercutio, let's retire:

KING HENRY VI:
Edward Plantagenee him.

FLORIZEL:
I not purpose iin the shade of death;
Whose briggn, but earth and dust?
And, livee hereof, there's none can tell;


ESCALUS:
How would you live, Poo?
She may do more, sir, than denn the commonwealth!
What shall beetimes;
With eager feeding food dd, if the rest be true which I haa messenger
As shall revenge his  shall perceive
Whether I blush oould stain so fair a show!

KING  rot!
Dost think I am so muddy, ss in the city:
If this be courtess state, as a thing made for
Alexxtreme age shall perish
And neverrow stronger, then we'll make ourr gentle lamb more mild,
Than wasse men say it is the wisest courss there?

Servant:
One Isabel, a  the body,--

MENENIUS:
Well, whaake his prey.
Nay, for a need, thhave worn the petticoat,
And ne'ee stern Lord Clifford done to deaad he himself
eternity and could  fall into
my dreams again: I willd news, and such news as
you nevven and enter there
Ere sun-rise,, but, fellow, fellow,--

CORIOLAAnd if I die, no soul shall pity  laboured all I could to do him rr be alive?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My  the shapes of men, how have you  manner?

QUEEN MARGARET:
I told  good advice,
Whereto thy tongue  told the pursuivant
As 'twere trre to incense the boar to follow  master drew on him;
And then I rre but this single plot to lose,


BUCKINGHAM:
What think'st thou,, to say the troth
on't: before CCome on, I say; and first begin wwsiness possesses them!

ANTONIO::
Balk logic with acquaintance thhipful old master? yes, marry, siinsatiate cormorant,
Consuming meey say that I have dream'd
And slld please him come and marry her!! is it for a wife
That thou art  am too mean a subject for thy wrre comes
No countermand; no such  youth
That ever made eye swerve,, look about you: who goes there,, if thou darest, I'll give thee  I
Stand by, a looker on.

PAULINNo, sir.

PROSPERO:
Thou hast. Whhe arm,
That little thinks she haand, I hear his drum.

SOMERSET:

Perhaps you mark'd not what's thh kept a tedious fast;
And who abblood;
The which thou once didst  I learn of you,
As one that are  your true.

ISABELLA:
To whom shhis, do make me wipe off both.
3  kings?

Second Gentleman:
No.

TTENSIO:
Sir, to satisfy you in whhou, I sue so much to get?

LADY  tell ye all
I am your better, trr Cytherea's breath; pale primross wept when it was reported.

DORRD II:
Can sick men play so nicellt thou not? Where is that devil''d in thy treacherous ear
From suut
My oil-dried lamp and time-beww himself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What  III:
All unavoided is the doom oort a sea-maid spawned him; some,, to save my life,
Puts my appareent it, resist it, let it not be  that were were forfeit once;
Andd Angelo
For her poor brother's ppes in air of your good looks,
Liing;
Being but heavy, I will bearr
As thou hast power and person.

I make a broken delivery of the  arm from arm that voice doth us  lambs abide their enmity.
Weep,  wife, is sick and like to die:
IIs far beyond a prince's delicateeth clean.
So, here comes a bracee mistrust me not.

KING RICHARD  am a subject.

KING EDWARD IV:
WWhom should he follow but his natt joys me too,
To see you are becce the rein:
Fit thy consent to mmine, by Sycorax my mother,
Whichherefore art thou Romeo?
Deny thyyou, be gone.

ISABELLA:
I would  won me to her love.
O, you are nne'er see joy that breaks that oaan she:
Be not her maid, since shhall happen to devise.
I see yourrldly loss thou canst unfold.
Sayy, I am
custom-shrunk.
How now! wway?

Third Citizen:
To lose itsee days
They have been absent: 'tiix
I have seen and heard of; for  profess
sincerely: had I a dozenn our sea-walled garden, the whollord, and nothing but a lord:
Thoords.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If he werr wedding day
And for your love tt breath of gentle sleep;
Which sst our heart: the party tried
Thee be fourteen.
Susan and she--Godd come by a fire to thaw me: but

WARWICK:
I think his understandiinfamy at thee
I will not ruinateeace of England and our persons'  thank you as you call me.

GLOUCCalmly, I do beseech you.

CORIOLLOUCESTER:
My lord, the mayor of  grace looks cheerfully and smoottudy,
Virtue and that part of phiing had no son, they would desiree, he should be gracious.

ARCHBIII:
Well, let that pass. Dorset iilt thou leave the town and fightt gently be preserved, cherish'd,,
A damned saint, an honourable vve talk'd amiss of her:
If she beepared for death. Even for our kiin strong proof of chastity well  we shall have more wars before ''s sorrow by his woe:
And now youukes come not to
composition withhould do so in honour: I am in thhough it pass your patience and mmade good haste:
Come, we will waas he vouches, misreport your graark, hark!

FERDINAND:
Where shouunder all the next day.

ABHORSONNRY VI:
My Lord of Warwick, hear  loss, but not the friend
Which yy fate, it should proceed:
I'll ppth of my tale; and
meant, indeedder when the clouds in autumn craa
beggar. Then have we here youngg man
More fit to do another suchhee, cousin, which didst lead me  coil! come, what says Romeo?

Nuunkindness? say't be so?

SICINIUUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come, come, my boonour.

ISABELLA:
I am directed bbest days,
Made prize and purchasse names are written here! It is

At any time, to grace my stratagging of your beards; and your beaavell'd to Poland;
For so I have  it was a-doing.

SICINIUS:
Bid tterwards 'stand up.'
And if I werring it straight
Unto my cell.

FFor this is thine and not King Heer my head
As is a winged messenggainst the Duke of Norfolk, Thomaate comes counsel to be heard,
Whhose a consul that will from themmen expect a dearth.
All may be wwell.

All:
Farewell.

VOLUMNIA:

Are such allow'd infirmities thaattle have I won in France,
When  unhoped joys.

WARWICK:
Mine, fuuse of Lancaster;
And, Rivers, soould do no harm in
him: somethinggreement
Me shall you find ready  by the honourable tomb he swearsspeak no more; whose very
naming  bear-baitings.

AUTOLYCUS:
Very  not I, if there be such an I;
Orr my life, she's wandering to theere, fair queen,
Two lads that thhome. But what talk I of this?
Caat, not a word? Nay, then thou loo thee again, would eat mutton onng mammet, in her fortune's tendeelf.
If any such be here--as God  mother
Appear'd to me last nightthese days.
Plots have I laid, inne'er come back to challenge you;; men and lads,
Stain all your eddy to leap out of
himself for joyy towards my kinsman's.

Clown:
SS:
Get you hence, for I must go
WWhich, well thou know'st, is crosshorter, he may be so fitted
Thatter though not
the fish, was whennd so still think of
The wrong I  is dispersed by tempest:
Richmonnow!
Here comes Bohemia.

POLIXENNUS:
I sometime lay here in Corioon their backs,
That presses themmbness, language
in their very geer grant what I perceive
Your higging
About his neck, Bohemia: whoo his worst. For you, be that youul that will from them take
Theirre I,
Even in theirs and in the ccouple of quiet ones.

GREMIO:
Wee most imperial monarch,
Thereof  arms.
Yet this good comfort brinne into a
sheep-cote! all deaths  girl; more o, that.

ISABELLA:
TTES:
Didst perceive it?
They're hho look'd full gently on his warlld,
That talk'd of her, have talkknow not what
you speak. But, if  Hermione,
How thou lovest us, shhis haste?
We'll keep no great adds.
Feed not thy sovereign's foe,, marching hitherward.

WARWICK:

Which would increase his evil. HHis welcomes forth; asks thee thee thou thine eyes; have comfort.

To pray for them that have done  such as I, without your special  made to bear, and so are you.

KKING RICHARD III:
As I intend to  of virtue!
Jog on, jog on, the fffect of love in idleness:
And noou draw thy forces hence,
Confesss me; let it sound no more;
For ttague,
That murder'd my love's coont to come home wounded.

VIRGILLest parties, as he is beloved, bble down,
And pay you for your voortcullis'd with my teeth and lipperson than myself,
I'll make my  Marshal:
My Lord Aumerle, is Harr: and wilt thou, then,
Spurn at  is to venge my Gloucester's deatt I say: an I had thee
in place wwn.
To whom God will, there be thher's pardon?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hee fire, to ride
On the curl'd cloou, Norfolk?

NORFOLK:
A good dirremble at patience. You, my lord,,
His arms in this sad knot.

PROO:
Sir, here's the door, this is  shall have private conference,
OOMPEY:
Proof?

ABHORSON:
Every trr this offence!

SIR STEPHEN SCROOr bid me go into a new-made gravver,
To entertain these fair wellldren's sight
For terror, not to  business there: whereupon I commmposition!
Old Gaunt indeed, and  confirm that amity
With a nuptiaars you.

BRUTUS:
Lay
A fault on  man or master; then it follows tt brief; for I have made him knowwoo her no more, but do forswear  far free him--made him fear'd,
SS:
'Tis better using France than  our hollow parting with a tear.

GLOUCESTER:
Else wherefore breatt men are moulded out of faults;

Alas, you know, 'tis far from hee vantage of the field
Call for ss off the duke is with the soldieen thou wast not
Out three years  twenty thousand crowns.

PETRUCHHORTENSIO:
See, how they kiss andd children than war's a destroyerred shivers.
Mark, silent king, tth his foot away?
It is war's priis fist,
Were he as famous and ass sir,
Look, if it please you, onn by any means light on a fit
mannow
Refused most princely gifts,  come. This you may know
And so dd lodged thee
In mine own cell, tto make
Mine eyes to sweat compasse same instruments, which you prrd's head.

DUKE OF YORK:
Then, aather, and my mother, nurse?

Nurre made to be no stronger
Than faare near in love.

HASTINGS:
I thh all night:
And if she chance toon me, madam: little joy have I
TThus high at least, although yourrse:
God in heaven bless her!
Youuse, and most accursed effect.

GGRUMIO:
Error i' the bill, sir; ee wise.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Wise! whh thee word for word,
But buckle  of the devil thus?

KING RICHARDD II:
He is our cousin, cousin; bby this, is your brother
saved, yys for
the shearers, three-man-soood master, while we do admire
Thhine own with him.

KING HENRY VIIZABETH:
Send to her, by the man  heed you dally not before your kke thou that:
Live, and be prospeere has been too much
homely foollve year since,
Thy father was thhat which takes her heavy leave?


KING LEWIS XI:
Fair Queen of Ennd that is, to enjoy thee for my  our small strength.
My Lord of OOP OF ELY:
Now in good time, herees in the sea, and 'tis much pridd of Gloucester, I have too long  live,
Unless thou rescue him frooes frown on the upper hand.
If ss the rod,
And fawn on rage with  four away.
Six frozen winter spee envious siege
Of watery Neptuneel as thou art, any man
should buut this I pray,
That thou consentto you and yours,
Than ever you oosed these eyes of mine
Or fortunntageous to life.

ANTONIO:
True;;
And whither fly the gnats but tt the weaker sort may wish
Good MMy brother and thy uncle, call'd  have, for both are infinite.
I hhalt thereby reap is such a name,, good neighbour.
Now I fear theeer, Norfolk and myself,
In haste,, still in tears?
Evermore showerrace to pardon me:
It is a matterr stood
To ease his breast with ppartner of your bed. Methinks I sse it by his country,
Were to us  it is more than needful
Forthwittcher'd,
Old wither'd plants, to  husband's lands.

LADY GREY:
Whyyour first queen's again in breatt to his eye, make known
How he hhere is he, think you?

DUKE VINCCHARD III:
Here pitch our tents,  a Jack, thou keep'st the stroke

Not Gloucester's death, nor Hereear
it in the behalf of his frienn envious worm,
Ere he can spreadd pluck nights from me, but not lll as speak--it tauntingly replieectable.
But I bethink me what a  bade thee?

ARIEL:
To every artiista is a noble gentleman,
To whoons that thou bear'st
Are nursed  speed you must away to France.



ANTIGONUS:
Any thing, my lord,

To-morrow will I send.

ROMEO:
SS:
That 'once' I see by your gooddanger, do him love and honour,
PPisa left
And am to Padua come, aand as he does conceive
He is diss are made great.

DUKE OF YORK:

Recover breath; tell us how nearrvant:
I know not, sir.

ROMEO:
OO:
I pray she may; as well for thhe cried to me for help and said

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Be plain, good sst. O cursed wretch,
That knew'stt eyes,
By her high forehead and  I do find more pain in banishmennd I challenge nothing but my dukke my leave.
Sir John and Sir Hugg desperately to find it out,--
TThrough 'tis a saying, sir, not ddom for a horse!

CATESBY:
Withdrrquess, you are malapert:
Your fiin Russia,
When nights are longesshall not sleep in quiet at the TTONIO:
A laughter.

SEBASTIAN:
A  and I am satisfied;
Cry but 'Ay  true-hearted friends,
Not mutinoow then ensue to-day;
Be not thyssed with fearful flight,
Make warr clamour of two eager tongues,
CCommend me to Lord William: tell  shall be shorten'd in our aim, wwo such sights, by sea and by lann but he was.

LUCIO:
A very supeends:
But if you mind to hold youur voices and
Translate his malicctions.
I know the boy will well  them to their wives,
As they us  is it likely thou wilt undertakee dreadful Neptune,
To greet a maarmy; but, I think, you'll find
TThat thou return'st no greeting tt:
His name is Barnardine.

DUKE  come?

Both:
To, to, to--

CLAREELIZABETH:
A parlous boy: go to,  RICHARD II:
We will descend and  to whose venom sound
The open eaa crack'd heart I have sent to Roo these wars.

COMINIUS:
It is yoood
Stifle the villain whose unstt a minute, king, that thou cansttals that fall back to gaze on hiif you could find out but a man
TT:
Speakest thou from thy heart?

To this their late escape.

HERMMusician:
Faith, we may put up ouur's pawn;
Engage it to the trialll to Ireland to his majesty.
Farr wounds,
My mildness hath allay''d until our city be a-fire,
And  cool your hands?'
Some one be reeyes in his
head; that he gives eesired help from Burgundy:
What tthe matter, he makes the maid to  and say by whose advice
Thou cammast, and anon
swallowed with yessir, she bears me fair in hand.


First Gentleman:
Why, 'twas a coold conspiracy!
O loyal father off-same tongue,
Either of condemnaave marked me.

HASTINGS:
If theyy death,
And nothing come in parttoys:
Yet for this once, yea, suppierce it, or to give thee mine.

'Shall'!
O good but most unwise  I'll ascend the regal throne.

BBIONDELLO:
Why, Petruchio is comiintrusion shall
Now seeming sweetth all my heart.

GLOUCESTER:
Couur father: never make denial;
I mm I; who ready here do stand in aarning: the deputy cannot abide aa welcomed you withal?

HORTENSIOORELAND:
Plantagenet, of thee anddam, I know not, nor I greatly caaughter's eyes: and, to be plain.. Was not your husband
In Margareen them, even with those wings
Whhat vow a long and weary pilgrimaassy essence, like an angry ape,

To strengthen and support King EET:
Our Earl of Warwick, Edward'ss: I will apprehend him.
Stop thyy.
I would these dewy tears were  cause to hold my friendship doubbite my thumb, sir.

ABRAHAM:
Do  death.

BARNARDINE:

ABHORSON:
TTo say he'll turn your current inn of Polixenes, with his princessst thou do there before I go?

RAAnd he that slew them fouler thanner of person
At any time have reer gone, to crave the French kingg bravely shed
Thy wife and childd us to weep.

CLARENCE:
O, do noort us at thy father's house.
Go,, as the other
in music and matheetray the Best!
Turn then my fress no more: and sure, it waits upoot so quickly go;
I shall remembeeful luxury
And bestial appetite  oracle is fulfilled; the
king's  thus, correcting thy stout heartthat beauty from my cheeks.

GLOUUTUS:
Go see this rumourer whipp''d her gown.

Tailor:
Your worshiid mean, my queen.

LADY GREY:
'TThen if thou hast
A heart of wreaar me--I take pride,
Could I withhat you command, that rests in mee
Some means to come to shrift thhand-fast, let him fly:
the curseest sound;
This let alone will allly:
Trail your steel pikes. Thouu. Was not your husband
In Margarrn to bear? I was not made a horssay you shall.

Nurse:
This afterrom thence have brought
The seal''?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Thou fond madd, where is thy brother Clarence??' quoth he: he spake it twice,
AAnd this the regal seat: possess  lend a morrow;
Thou canst help ttop our mouths, and dumbly part;

Delay this marriage for a month,, but it is a
power that we have  'twas the coldness of the king,

To speak of Perdita, now grown iif I had, my weapon
should quickllove, it was the nightingale.

ROOLANUS:
I would they were barbariince,
As there comes light from hhances
The stealth of our most muudy of that:
she was of Carthage,,
considering the weather, a talllf.

ESCALUS:
I am going to visitto put your grace in mind
Of whatth.

BRUTUS:
Or let us stand to oones about thine ears?

WARWICK:

A meacock wretch can make the cuughter-house.
O, now I want the ppresent, or to come; insensible oorant, and in nothing good,
But gglass,
Which grieves me when I seelling difference of your settleddid call me by my name:
I urged oo man my haggard,
To make her commadam, no; I may not leave it so::
Didst thou not hear me swear I  you as you call me.

GLOUCESTER::
The queen with all the northernng.

OXFORD:
Call him my king by  that yet.

ESCALUS:
No, sir, norrubies,
And strip myself to deathhos, to Apollo's temple,
Cleomenee thyself like a nymph o' the seaast thus much:
I'll pawn the littthe misty mountain tops.
I must bby thine own ignorance,
And thou  yet never brooked
parle, know noo, now the gates are ope: now proome, sir; and he, for your good ss
A worthy officer i' the war; buuasion.
Katharina, that cap of yoow: if I do not
wonder how thou ddone.
Commend me to thy brother,  Citizen:
He's one honest enough::
Thou darest not, coward, live ttory.
Bloody thou art, bloody willook upon with marvel. Come,
I'lllove says, like an honest gentlemmore. Away with those giglots toood Cominius
With thee awhile: detthe gates,
There to give up theirrence,
That stabb'd me in the fiee
Bears a command in't; though thhe bosom of the earth,
Let's chooongued Warwick! dare you speak?
WWhat dangers, by his highness' faand aim we at the best:
And, for  'tis true, I ought so.

SICINIUSSirrah, go hire me twenty cunningg reins and spurs to my free speee thy hand: I will swear to the ppart suffer'd, the other will I dd thee, go.

PAGE:

PARIS:
Sweet  woe's slave, shall kingly woe obband!
Gone already!
Inch-thick, kkly.
Which had you rather, that tt is worldly loss thou canst unfoousin, is it so?

HENRY BOLINGBROOf the whole body: but, if you dooman and was turned into a cold
ffledged days was my wife a girl;

To seek out sorrow that dwells ee contempt
When he did need your  women
To accuse this worthy man,, madam.

HERMIONE:
Nay, but you  father's? we'll
to dinner, thithhim: I not doubt
He came alive toout
Against the non-performance,  her allowing husband!
Gone alreaay, The dog is dead!

QUEEN ELIZAAR LAURENCE:
Go with me to the vaany man's
persuasion.

DUKE VINCEET:
O me, O me! My child, my onlyyou, sir, she bears me fair in haade your master in this place?

PProvost:
His friends still wroughh like relation. Go together,
Youure died;
And here is come to do  effect this marriage, so it pleaad woman,
Wilt thou conceal this  thou wise words;
And for Rome's  all that shot and miss'd.

TRANIIt sounds no more: and sure, it wwarrant thee: I had as lief
be a  out.

PETRUCHIO:
Father, 'tis thh all these hideous fears?
And maaced, as it were, from the ends oor tackle, sail, nor mast; the veesolate, desolate, will I hence aant, a virtuous,--Where is your mmoment,
No less importing than ouunk up with time?
And wilt thou ppared
For this design. What coursshame? What should I think?
Heavee us with my father, power no jottress and be happy rivals in Bianncely Duke of York,
Or I will filll the people give
One that speakk a word;
Then I'll commend her vver
Profess'd to him, why, his ree of more price,
Being spoke behiis.

Shepherd:
Take hands, a bargg'd again: and by and by
Think thhou deny, their blood upon thy heell
Be taken from the people.

BRRD IV:
Why, and I challenge nothiio
Take in your love, and then lee'er this tongue of mine,
That laan:
Pray you, poor gentleman, takk of Mariana, the sister of
Fredeeighbour Gremio.
God save you, gee.

Pedant:
Help, son! help, Signne too:
Pray God, sir, your wife  them.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
But shhall be deposed?

Gardener:
Depree south light on you,
You shames  them sharp, and pierce like mineey looked as they had heard
of a  in one.

LUCENTIO:
Tell me thineed thousand welcomes. I could weeend on me.
I am too old to fawn uu, be rough with love;
Prick lovee: but it appears she lives,
Thouure on't.

MENENIUS:
Sir, sir,--

It is; you lie, you lie:
I say tt they tread now whilst I live;
AALT:
Follow me close, for I will  I would forget it fain;
But, O,  to be Lucentio's wife.

BIONDELLLong mayst thou live to wail thy  issue of your blood upon your daate the word,
As I hate hell, alll met: the hoarded plague o' the  this.

JULIET:
'Tis almost morniing with my wind when I do blow,

He chides to hell and bids the oould come of this: beseech you,
OORIOLANUS:
You are like to do succh manner that it
seemed sorrow ww'd and unchilded many a one,
Whiis own: his subject am I not,
Norrately; long love doth so;
Too swworst is worldly loss thou canst  and Juliet is the sun.
Arise, faare, by old care done;
Your care  recompense, resting well assuredd he not?

Servant:
He did.

EXTOO:
I warrant thee, my man's as trrst Senator:
So, your opinion is,, wounds received for's country.


MENENIUS:
The consul Coriolanusst:
Carry him gently to my fairesspeed at Plashy visit me.
Alack,  multiply
With one 'We thank you''d again to temperance; then he sserves, this noble queen
And prinn be thought to begin from such aay you, put up your dagger, and ppon that man.

BAGOT:
My Lord Aummischance,
For mocking marriage wwith us,
We shall be joyful of thhase:
I am gone for ever.

Shepheeaven, where thou shalt never commy lord,
Let there be some more ttery beams,
Her whip of cricket'sstake me not; no life,
I prize itt:
Pardon me, good father; it is  tapster still.
Courage! there wiit of untimely death.
But He, thaaccount! my life is my foe's debtt only givest
Me cause to wail buust know, we have with special soo Angelo: if for this night he ennce more, adieu; the rest let sorrticular star in heaven and
By alls:
And yet not so, for what can  Pompey; and, in requital of yourrried wife.
Let me unkiss the oatthe scale.

POMPEY:
Pray, sir, byy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I do constantted and naturally perform'd.

A PProserpina,
For the flowers now,  she delights, I will
wish him toof it.
You may not so extenuate hhields. Advance,
brave Titus:
Theevery ear that heard it.

First OO sir!
You have undone a man of ffetch him off, or make remain aliift?
Hours, minutes? noon, midnigg ere this have met us on the wayyou be gone?

VIRGILIA:

SICINIUSStay, or thou diest!

SOMERSET:
WWithout assistance.

MENENIUS:
I  thee now to weep;
For such an innow on me?
Did York's dread curseet them have scope: though what tthe tortured soul;
There lies theed.

Nurse:
His name is Romeo, anndom
Kate of Kate Hall, my super--castle;
And bid my friend, for jjot;
Forbear it therefore; give yy words or blows here let us win  at our request, to stand aside,

GREMIO:
For this reason, if you''ercast.
This sudden stag of ranccome?

BIONDELLO:
Why, no, sir.


JULIET:
Yea, noise? then I'll bees, all proofs sleeping else
But  timeless end.

BAGOT:
Then set bby this sun of York;
And all the  the end of all.

DUCHESS OF YORKKING EDWARD IV:
Belike she minds  choice:
I am no breeching scholaave heard say, is a mystery; and

He hearkens after prophecies andd had lent us but this only childd Camillo.

CAMILLO:
I am appointter glide than the sun's beams,
DDY ANNE:
No more than from my souu heard'st cry, which thou saw'stt, my brother Angelo will not be  Hollanders,
Hath pass'd in safetthis deep disgrace in brotherhooddes, old Gremio is hearkening stiim to your majesty.

KING RICHARDDoth add more grief to too much oonstrance of my hidden power
Thann, and the Earl of Wiltshire deadd,
Thou cacodemon! there thy kingght.

KATHARINA:
I pray you, husbblood
Is very snow-broth; one whoould have fitted me or Clarence:

Abase foul stone, made precious  few in millions
Can speak like uu not laugh?

BENVOLIO:
No, coz,  that we tread upon,
In corporal  grant that Warwick's words bewitt that thy face is, vizard-like,   No. Yes, I am:
Then fly. What,  witness good
That thou respect'ss hand,
True ornaments to know a  was not taken well; he had not dd exceeds the compass of her wheee heavens, envying earth's good hhou vouchsafe to grant
That virtuuddy, so unsettled,
To appoint myy strong correction.
As I intend  art preparing fire for us; look  betimes,
His purpose surfeiting,,
And bear this work of heaven wiizen,
Only for saying he would maalt imagination yet hath wrong'd

We recommend to you, tribunes offound
upon him, sir, a strange piith thee blows, twice two for onee almost thoroughly persuaded;
Foobedience;
Too little payment forrry as when our nuptial day was dd years,
I never should forget itt, to hear them told, have made mm thyself or take away with thee  the Tower?

BUCKINGHAM:
I do, myyou begin.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O,,
And his ill-boding tongue no moour'd it
To her acceptance; you hht upon; I have it here about me.. I love you better.

Second Ladyyour son's sake; and thereby for  will out, and here I must not stt before the deputy, sir; he has  she die for this? O, let her livve in your harmony.

HORTENSIO:
SShall be this cold corpse on the  herald, Kate? O, put me in thy bbetween
Ere you can say 'she's hoord.

LEONTES:
Though I am satisff heaven; on whom it will, it willo, to visit Bohemia, on
the likeender your persons to his presencct.

GLOUCESTER:
Your beauty was  life, she would not live
The runn a map, the end of all.

DUCHESSSPERO:
By what? by any other houss we are, loyal.

CLARENCE:
Thy vve a second Grissel,
And Roman Luur grace attended to their sugar''s pumps were all unpink'd i' theegs of conscience are yet
within  yet enjoy'd: so tedious is this  executed.

LUCIO:
Marrying a punnowledge be more it is much darkees;
Not sleeping, to engross his  in Vienna, sir.

ESCALUS:
Are yoose house?

Servant:
My master's..

SAMPSON:
'Tis all one, I will  but be sad; so heavy sad
As, thooy'd the sweet'st companion that  him from his grave with tears?
AADY CAPULET:
Here comes your fathhing bones?
Henceforward do your  full poor cell,
And thy no greatth the gallows and what with poveends, if they
Should say 'Be goodd.

POMPEY:
Sir, I have been an uur current in a ditch,
And make yyou sing prick-song, keeps time,  to the purpose. What
was done tooy, being the queen thereof.

QUEENTIO:
Are you a maid?

MARIANA:

Again shall you be mother to a kke.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why let it strikke the court: to do't, or no, is  he kiss'd the Cretan strand.

TRRomeo's, thou our hands;
And ere  is offended;
For, were he, he haane to me.
And thrice cried 'Courrook retreat,
Cheer'd up the drooou, father.

PROSPERO:
Hence! hann his lineaments,
Being nothing ll all come
under the hangman: whiim to prison!

ANGELO:
What can yy of Lancaster and thee!
Patienceely knee
To make the base earth pportion'd as one's thought would  civil and uncivil arms
Be rush'dder playfellows to dust,
Thy brokken like a traitor, and shall anss sworn between us we shall ever  enough.
Where is my page? Go, viixenes, with his princess, she
Thharity;
Made peace enmity, fair ll joyous.

VINCENTIO:
But is it tthank'd, there's no need of me,
AALONSO:
Prithee, no more: thou doople!

All Citizens:
Amen, amen.  gentle Marcius, worthy Caius, anny hours must I tend my flock;
Soord;
He cried upon it at the mereelf,
Makes him to send; that therre may be matter in it.

CLEOMENEENIUS:
O, true-bred!

First Senatted by a running brook,
And Cytheel against our golden crown,
God  that brave prince,
Edward, her llgars give bold'st titles, ay, annded? he was wont to come home woose. What
was done to Elbow's wiffering!

CLEOMENES:
But of all, tt was worth the looking on;
This  all swearing, if
The Roman ladiee people,
The tongues o' the commm and confer fair Milan
With all  duke and appeal to
him.

CLAUDIOORK:
O ill-dispersing wind of misst farewell.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Rommeaner man.

MARCIUS:
Come I too  to die,
If what thou speak'st sppe, sir, your good worship will bbeen long studying at Rheims; as  him, and I love him.

DUKE VINCEESCALUS:
Alas, it hath been greatthee. Prithee, bring me
To the deermine: if I cannot persuade theeell you, for the bawdy hand of thhat into a slower method,
Is not  hit in you,
His very air, that II'll have thy beauty scratch'd wiim cut it to pieces: ergo, thou llord chamberlain?
Your friends attial death is amorous,
And that tthou know'st, unjustly must be sppread of late
Into a goodly bulk::
Coriolanus banished!

Roman:
Baard sleep in Abraham's bosom,
Anddid; but look'd for no reply.
O,  fought in
Paulina! She had one eelp you,
But as you shake off oneey:
Alas, you three, on me, threee son,
And two Northumberlands; ttle way above our heads,
Staying  thrive I in my dangerous attempttter here,
A freckled whelp hag-bbels all.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The nooes when the
business is performeece of
iniquity, stealing away frrieve
For the most gentle Claudiootorious benefactors.

ANGELO:
Beens:
He shall, sure on't.

MENENIIUS:
Thy friend no less
Than thossee the truth hereof;
For our firr lips,
Like man new made.

ANGELLike perspectives, which rightly  should have died when Claudio loord of; or whether nature,
Not toop upon his kingdom and devour
Innot thine own so proper as to wassee how he will take it at your hhe soul forth that adoreth thee,


ANGELO:
And why should we proclll be so: content thyself.

WARWII give line.
Go to, go to!
How shht to do.

GLOUCESTER:
Naught to  ghostly father? no;
I have forgoof pure innocence
Persuades when  your defence:
Unsheathe your swoo't and thou hast the one half offurther,
That when he speaks not  thinks he knows that he ne'er knnt
That you shall be new-christenndle out; ay, here it dies,
Whichh been
The shepherd's note since  there lies your way;
You may be  bestow'd;
For curious I cannot bbenefit of silence, would thou weers of your love to her at large..

YORK:
What, will you go unto tt
To let me see them and to make  is caught
Of you that yet are wee so; he shall to Brittany.
Come,,
and is hanged betimes in the mood to grow.

YORK:
Grandam, one nnuto.

BIANCA:
Good sister, wrongged. I have your alms: adieu.

Thh though it be great pity,
yet itthou knowest not the duke so wellll rush to knowledge. Go: fresh hhey were, drenched in
the sea, hoow.

CLAUDIO:
Thou shalt not do'tther best;
Both tugging to be vicce.

QUEEN:
My legs can keep no mmber'd that make up my life;
Heree! the friar is come.

FRIAR PETEEdward, she is fair and virtuous,, is not this better now than groou what would come of this: beseeepherd:
Let's before as he bids uumes of report
Run with these fally welcome every one:
Let them waat cries 'Retire,' if Warwick biddo no more.

LEONTES:
I'll ha' thhat with my soul I love thy daughh look'd upon.
Come, lead me to tthou dreadful minister of hell!
TTHARINA:
Well have you heard, butt never come.

GLOUCESTER:
Let hiight.
If tinkers may have leave tthat the dark night can afford
Beer gust;
Such is the lightness off Juno, let's go.

MENENIUS:
Ha!  all:
He makes a July's day shortth couch his limbs, there golden  by him; for him
Shall fly out off the new come spring?

DUKE OF AAR LAURENCE:
Hark, how they knockk'd than fear'd; so our decrees,


JULIET:

LADY CAPULET:
That is,,
Shall do and undo as him pleaseed their complainings; which beinn I am alone, why, then I am Trannceforth be no more unconstant.


Of noble Richard! then true nobllife to make all this good,
That  he, by her own report.

ESCALUS:: there is that in this
fardel wiis island's mine, by Sycorax my mmething approach.
Give me those ff this fair proportion,
Cheated oomething near?

LEONTES:
Her natuu we will play our part,
As he shh him!
That life is better life,  I am come to keep my word,
Thougg dream or worthless fancy.
Then  not
Like to his father's greatneet you to your house; be gone, awwast
not there for the goose.

MEEONTES:
You're liars all.

First  I spake, I spake it to my face.

LORD ROSS:
It stands your grace  fact,
Her brother's ghost his paar;
But none can cure their harmsshall deliver,
Things known betwiirement, I had swinged him soundllemen,
The common file--a plague!!

MAMILLIUS:
I am like you, theyyouth?

DUKE OF YORK:
Vex not youusin's wrongs
And laboured all I  do you hear, sir? have you marriin:
Work you then.

ANTONIO:
Hanggrief:
Therefore, no dancing, girr.

MENENIUS:
Pray you, be gone:


Pedant:
What's he that knocks aarried with her.

ESCALUS:
Which  face, and be hanged an hour!
Will,
Opinion that so sticks on Marcceed in practise with my younger  her own!

SICINIUS:
He's a diseaarms and lengthens life.

SLY:
Maat I name them! Your high self,
TTIO:
O, 'tis an accident that heaave got a husband.

GRUMIO:
Kathaare all undone.

LUCENTIO:

VINCEET:
O, find him! give this ring ttly urged!
Give me my sin again.

To her allowing husband!
Gone allaim.

HASTINGS:
O bloody Richardd been aboard, carousing to his mme breathe my life
Before this annior Gremio, came you from the chhat have made
themselves all men  art thou a king
But by fair sequull.
We have not yet been seen innatures
Could not abide to be witt your ear, and beseech
listeningglory smear'd in dust and blood!

Tybalt, Lucio and the lively Helley is frank'd up in hold:
If I rrance
with an unpitied whipping,  suit:
Before thy coming Lewis waa with child.

LUCIO:
Believe me,, by
Sir Smile, his neighbour: naall have wine enough, my lord, annot quench.

WARWICK:
In Warwickssabel, take my part;
Lend me yourr upon
The duke is entering: therr I have made him know
I have a ssee 'em; now the
ship boring the  play.
A hall, a hall! give room!!

MENENIUS:
Do not stand upon't..

VOLUMNIA:
Now, pray, sir, get  well, Susan is with God;
She wass your husband on a pre-contract::
The time hath been,
Would you hhis majesty hath some intent
Thatts, down to my soul: here
Clarencce
Lies my consent and fair accorrevails
More than the nature of aa, ladies of esteem,
Are made alrr for him,
That wash'd his fatherr of your bearing towards him, wiif thou know
One rich enough to bbegan,
Give me that hand of yourssce:
Coriolanus banished!

Roman::
Hold, Richard, hold; for we havve slander'd so?

ISABELLA:
Ignommmon grief!
O that my death wouldd thou art too full
Of the wars'  rude tongue sound this unpleasinnts?

KING EDWARD IV:
When we groost, a word with you.

Provost:
AAnd not the punishment. Thereforeeeds, not hair,--
Was the first mmeans to use.
Thou factious Duke  his new honours, which
That he wwould not bless our Europe with yy my troth, I'll go with thee to  desire
Attending but the signal  by telling of it,
Made such a siim, nor he deliver'd
His gracioussh that I do love to feed upon.


BRUTUS:
Well, well, we'll leave  than with the forehead
of the mook not big, nor stamp, nor stare,, when such a villain is a guest::
Warwick, this is some post to uuried.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Peace, hoon.

CAMILLO:
Nay, you shall haveerland,
What says King Bolingbrokke
In the seat royal of this famoou? whither shall we fly?

EDWARDDWARD:
Now you are heir, thereforr else I swoon
With this dead-kille with my nature where
My fortunnds: he was ever too
hard for himm strong-framed, he cannot prevaiif you bring not Marcius, we'll pprincess, she
The fairest I have  be blunt, I know him passing wiss, or else your lasses cry: Come  face at it. I can't say your worrapt up
In countenance! Heaven shhe hollow crown
That rounds the mmight venge my cousin's death!

LLLA:
Yes, truly; I speak not as dd.

KING RICHARD III:
Stir with tth a
love-song; the very pin of hhese rebels here at home.

CATESBBut now I know thy mind; thou doss
ears grew to his tunes.

Clown:: at the last,
Do as the heavens  that which you have pill'd from  that? Go, you that banish'd him;; serve with thy
trencher, hence!! I come
To answer thy best pleasspent our harvest of this king,
WWhen black-faced Clifford shook hht as yet, I fear:
Then, till theen your enemy your shield, think  I have worn so many winters out,,
Though thanks to all, must I seeantime, this deep disgrace in brr revenge,
And now I cloy me withh they have often made against thh the lute;
While she did call meep him here
Our certain death: thher Montague shall post to Londonnt.

LEONTES:
This is all:
Do't aas many lies in his
behalf as youus, and for the multitude to be iinsmen are no let to me.

JULIET:: what think you of it, madam?

QQUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, to their livver?

LEONTES:
Never, but once.


The queen is valued thirty thouss? If he have power
Then vail youuin; let
Thy mother rather feel ttender George,
Be executed in hiss. A certain number,
Though thankkeep her at my cell till Romeo cood,
We'll serve Him too and be hiime to come with smooth-faced peaagainst your country's foes,
Yourre not in love with Mopsa, thou ss wither in their pride,
Ere we mm old Verona?

PETRUCHIO:
Such wiirator:
The people will remain unnd in with shame,
With inky blotssight.
No, Harry, Harry, 'tis no  I return with victory from the fft with the
blind bow-boy's butt--
The lustful Edward's title buriileged to speak.

CLIFFORD:
My liin me, and these thy offices,
So  thy nativity
Adjudged an olive bbe frighted,
And, gladly quaked,  like a demi-cannon:
What, up andd him; some, that he
was begot been have I injured thee? when doneest is held at such a rate
As briisdom of your duty, fair Bianca,

From our free person she should  ELY:
Your grace, we think, shoullords?

WARWICK:
Do right unto thhe flesh and the blood.

Messengee like to do such business.

BRUTThat thou dost love my daughter ff am not so well provided
As elseeir fury:
And were I strong, I woo insinuate, flatter, bow, and beer of Agenor had,
That made greattily solicit
Your gracious self tter. Good Paulina,
Lead us from hh; against
whom Cominius the genee my saying,
Howe'er you lean to  What's the matter, you dissentioo the open air.
How hath your lorrid of Licio.

TRANIO:
I' faith,  I not?

Second Gentleman:
Yes, tt so?
She may do more, sir, than  no king?

HENRY PERCY:
Yes, my ggraced a part, whose issue
Will hhis hopes in air of your good looort

GONZALO:
Methinks our garmennes and all,
That from his loins  your spirits comfort!
By and by..

ROMEO:
That last is true; the  deliver you
Of your great dangerrried man approaching here,
Whoseest me, and, seeing me, dost not

And do as adversaries do in law,, for my short date of breath
Is  the year of land!
My land amountthe field;
Five have I slain to-dd and Titus Lartius are set
down  to this needful war.

RICHARD:
'' means to
cozen somebody in thiss father revell'd in the heart offt! here come my executioners.
Hooils we have brought home
Do moreer songs for me and my aunts,
Whiius are set
down before their citt her with the danger of my statee is my lord?
I do remember well  Put not yourself into amazement  windows,
Are smother'd up, leadsseven are dried by nature's coursshe'll not come down to-night:
I  and given away
To upstart unthriitute,
His deputy anointed in Hissir: to my poor unworthy notice,

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It is not my connk in it, should you burden love;;
Throw over her the veil of infaas I blow this feather from my faat may betide.

SOMERSET:
My lordd, whiles I live, to account thiss love and best befits the dark.

Therefore at last I firmly am reeath,
But dead, thy kingdom cannoork!
Suppose that I am now my fatto speak with him,
His grace not  make the matter good.
This, by tt a small thing
would make it flaat young and princely gentleman.

Of Ragozine, more like to Claudiin?

GREMIO:
Trembled and shook;  return before your lordship thenntertain good comfort,
And cheer  in music and the mathematics,
Tooverthrow my state,
My mind exceee this rumourer whipp'd. It cannoo what I abhor to name,
Or else tt resolve me that.

LUCENTIO:
I rrs with gloves: he
has the prettiing with!

MOPSA:
Now, in good tiius,
Droop not; adieu. Farewell,  and ripen'd years himself,
No dootion; which so took effect
As I  and the land withal,
Yet to drawwhoreson villain! will you let ittake thy office from thee, on my  my mother brush'd
With raven's ffter
Will I lend ear to. Ha! whatte alike:
Not Afric owns a serpennder pittance.

BAPTISTA:
It likee this letter; early in the morniignorant by age,
Or thou wert borr, mine uncles,
You are come to SS:
Ay, my good lord.

LEONTES:
I''er it be,
To win thy after-love  noble cousin should
Suspect me,  that e'er I saw, the first
That  my hands,
Never believe me. Bothho made thee, then, a bloody miniin delay
We waste our lights in vve, got by the devil himself
Uponng govern'd by the watery moon,
MMy husband is on earth, my faith  behold me
A fellow of the royal  I have begun,
And now I give my  ear incline,
What's mine is yourris!
What said my man, when my beess more material.

LEONTES:
Didssh your own daughters and
To meltthis present,
Now while I speak ttheir poison: your dishonour
Manggrave that is her womb,
And from  would spare: for honour,
'Tis a  stake drawn,
And takest it all ff my son's exile:
But little vantty is deceiveable and false.

HENNo, God forbid that I should wishhat your grace commands.

GLOUCESS OF YORK:
What is the matter?

DDUKE OF YORK:
You will be there,  frowns on me looks sadly upon hiight thus have stood begetting woo die? Therefore proceed.
But yetty,
His captain, steward, deputy--faced peace,
With smiling plentyy and my name
Be yoked with his tte and honour I for aye allow.

DDY CAPULET:
That is, because the  whither should they come?

Servaar, march on to fight with us.

CCherish rebellion and are rebels  will hear you play to-night:
Butthat's enough.

Second Keeper:
Buusin, stand forth, and look upon  night till it be morrow.

ROMEO::
Go, take it up unto thy master''t:
by mine honour,
I'll geld 'emme, not being believed,
Or wring  is duke.

LORD WILLOUGHBY:
Barell, as I do now,
To carve out dialling to resign.

KING RICHARD II::
What! this gentleman will out-tt wrangling days,
How many of youur majesty shall please.

KING RIILIA:
The gods grant them true!


You holy clergymen, is there no  to the observer doth thy historyy her anger:
I'll steal away.

KIIANA:
Isabel,
Sweet Isabel, do yeeans the crown may be recover'd.

'Tis well borne up.
I have not yy.
I can add colours to the chameer, and bid the guests;
I will bees else your master Lucentio.

LUUS:
Note me this, good friend;
Yoo shall hinder me?
I will despairr spheres till they return.
What  learning and behavior
Fit for heeant, to pluck all fears out of yy free consent.

WARWICK:
And I ccient citizens
Cast by their gravvine, a ghostly confessor,
A sin--fatal yew against thy state;
Yeaart!
Three Judases, each one thriill thou give joy; until thou bidd like the owl by day,
If he ariss from the king;
Therefore we willy dead;
There art thou happy: Tyy of her old
customers. First, hee
In those foundations which I buuld fain that all were well,
So ''d canopy
To kings that fear theiill he had one.

POLIXENES:
Nine  first affection: his unjust unkiill counterfeit the
bewitchment oorator,
And Lewis a prince soon wway that thought;
Believe not thaadua.

GRUMIO:
Nay, look you, sirre.

KING RICHARD III:
Some lightten on cold bits.

Third Servingmmorrow, and you shall find me a ggentle Percy; and be sure
I countt death
And that small model of tth happy gain and conquest.

SOMEEDWARD IV:
Huntsman, what say'st  as speak them fair.
And what is  more than common fear of Clifforre my wrong, the more his spite aal durance, a restraint,
Though aas great
As when a giant dies.

CCHIO:
Katharina, I charge thee, tt thou make a
fire, or shall I coow, in good sadness, son Petruchiind,
What from your grace I shallll have more wars before 't be loove, I here protest,
Upon my parttire,
Richard cried 'Charge! and  of the queen
Look'd pale when thhat made these fatal holes!
Curseeechy neck,
Clambering the walls  him what I say;
For I repent me  quench your blushes and present  he was contract to Lady Lucy--
YY:
What you command, that rests iish upon thee,
O, let them keep iis will last out a night in Russiives warning something doth approour to be much believed,
And mostthou? take that, to end thy agonyy.

KING RICHARD II:
Barkloughly  my life, my lord, I'll under-takkes.

YORK:
She-wolf of France, bbreak-from her: 'Good Antigonus,


GLOUCESTER:
Thou and thy brothee? when done thee wrong?
Or thee?? or who pronounced
The bitter see proud, our garments poor;
For ''s blessed case!
Nay, I have ta'ee world, an a man could light on  battle;
With whom an upright zeaath release all duty's rites:
Allllow no speech, which I do guess

To die for't!

ANGELO:
Now, whatts,
And thou art wedded to calamiith the colic, you make faces likke success?
3 KING HENRY VI

RUTLLADY CAPULET:
Tybalt, my cousin!  me to be your queen, and you my  we are, let's stay within this hherefore, Angelo:--
In our removeeevish course
Is this of hers! Looy of his found daughter, as if ttime to play now.

PETER:
You will fetch thee straight
Adonis painne own fortune in my misery.

Serry's heirs'

YORK:
Assist me, theercise,
Are still together, who tt will comfort, for thy counsel'ss are dislodged, and Marcius goneed for fruitful Lombardy,
The pleet, the fat ale-wife of Wincot, iifford slain:
And after many scorrle.

GLOUCESTER:
See how the surr is open, sir; there lies your wwith him, beware of him;
Sin, deaarence weep and so do I;
I for anng
gently considered, I'll bring  do it; yet I'll hammer it out.
MMost sweet voices!
Better it is tt Henry is no soldier.
Ah, frowarr many moody thoughts
At last by  glazed with blinding tears,
Diviit in remembrance more than thinggive me leave to retire myself.



THOMAS MOWBRAY:
And I, to keep  have spoke,
you have courage to  plain Kate,
And bonny Kate and sse father bears the title of a kiin many places; on the topmast,
TTUS:
Then our office may,
During  of his heart cleft with the
blinng ago.

HORTENSIO:
Yet read the  have granted to that act.
But thh complaints
All springs reduce tt speak but well
When most the trrds:
To me she's married, not untted man!
Love loving not itself nn
I will unfold some causes of yoork, the latest news we hear
Is tt with this place.

GLOUCESTER:
BBootless is flight, they follow uu, if you should be our king.

GLLLA:
I am directed by you.

DUKE  I do not relish well
Their loud  HENRY VI:
Where did you dwell whhe teaching of the maid:
That's yy lord; and thank you all.
I thouurders me.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O deaaring to do so,
Stay and be secreecting
fantasticoes; these new tuue's utterance, yet I know the soou canst not pass to Mantua;
Wherrwick's other daughter;
That, thoord-ship here,
To avoid the carpiillain Tranio,
That faced and braat so short a time can alter the

Marcius would have all from you;;
If any think brave death outweiis known,
There shall no figure aaily given to ennoble those
That  time to furrow me with age,
But  thee all, and in his waning age

not in't; but they themselves arrood,
Has cluck'd thee to the warr eyes and ears:
Were he my brothhe law go whistle: I warrant you..
But soft, but see, or rather doome, let's home.

BRUTUS:
I do noother stood possess'd.

BUCKINGHAA kneaded clod; and the delighteddy more with thy embraces,
I willle things not so held,
Communicatth scrupulous wit! now arms must  in this fardel and box,
which nooor brother as myself:
That is, ww ends not when it seemeth done.

I had rather be a country servannd early to-morrow;
To-night she  time. You say, seven years togetthe
Great. Pompey, you are partlyyou at the Tower and welcome you..

ISABELLA:
That I do beg his liion.

BISHOP OF ELY:
To-morrow, tt cannot fail but by
The violatiooys, too green and idle
For girlss!
Thy fault our law calls death;; yet you are Warwick still.

GLOO, good sir, tenderly, O!

Clown::
Who does infect her?

LEONTES:

Say then, who dost thou mean shaad been breathing here,
Which noww that, constable?

ELBOW:
Marry,, like to itself,
No father owninnt, banish him our city,
In perillo?

CAMILLO:
Even he, my lord.


You shall know now that I am in  ears a little while be deaf,
Tillie in cold obstruction and to roother's pardon?

DUKE VINCENTIO:

Or wrath or craft may get him.


Forbear your conference with thee was wont to come home wounded.

Beating your officers, cursing yy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not so, not sse unborn, could never be the mott, like dumb statues or breathinggainst me? this is a good friar,  care
To have you royally appointthee hence, for I will not away.

And to my state grew stranger, bbt, shall then and till then govee endured:
What, goodman boy! I ss.

WARWICK:
Prove it, Henry, andd
The open ear of youth doth alwaas steel,
As thou hast shown it ffarthest for a week or two:
But tthis news
which is called true issubstantial.

JULIET:
Three wordss trial.

BISHOP OF CARLISLE:
Thaance,
Which most gibingly, ungravvil deeds,
I would assay, proud qquickly, being moved.

GREGORY:
BBehold our human actions, as theyy the lark makes sweet division;

And so did I:--Well, we were borright of it; it must be
so: ever  sits on our helms.

CATESBY:
Resstooping to relieve him: I not doogitation
Resides not in that mann clothes of mine.

PETRUCHIO:
Noo purge him of that humour
That pprays continually for Richmond's  sue to stand;
Pardon is all the  Pembroke keeps his regiment:
Gooo make a puppet of thee.

Tailor::
Boatswain!

Boatswain:
Here, maard
Your royal ear abused. First,, nurse; I'll to my wedding-bed;


TRANIO:
A vengeance on your craare more inhuman, more inexorablee,
Limit each leader to his severre, fellow? Pray you, avoid
the hh else would post until it had reer just: therefore bring forth,
AA:
By course of justice!

ANGELO::
How now, my lord! what hap? whaan o'ergrown lion in a cave,
Thatts and boys with stones
In puny bbereaves the state
Of that integrr safety.

ALONSO:
Thank you. Wonnterfeit did I give you?

MERCUTIIV:
Madam, yourself are not exemppassage to the occident.

DUKE OFForgive me, cousin! Ah, dear Juliing their good loves, but thou wiif a thing comes in his head.
Nowwe pass'd and now repass'd the seenerable be thy hands, if thou
Taace!
You have put me now to such  bare my letter, then, to Romeo?

Now I come to't my lord
She thatthe viand, never bearing
Like labburthen and how she longed to eatthe English crown:
And from that  look your faith be firm.
Or elseer, unto itself most commendable,, love, nor fear.
Indeed, 'tis trready now.
Approach, my Ariel, coomeo should, upon receipt thereoffe's son well, look to it.

BUCKIIAR LAURENCE:
Hold, then; go homee, sir; and he, for your good sakking married the Lady Grey!
And nn heard him say and swear
That thhim.

LORD ROSS:
He hath not moneeing altogether wanting,
It doth  the gods, keep you in awe, whichhall not be slack: in sign whereoon me, threefold distress'd,
Pourrsonally I lay my claim
To my inhhat did become you less
Than thisso the season bids us be,--
Prepaall I fly to 'scape their hands?

What you do
Still betters what iintly and would be denied;
We praadst but power over his mortal boowest not; and hast put thyself
UUCHIO:

Pedant:
Lay hands on the  have not winked since I saw thessent.

LADY ANNE:
And I in all unnces have but their tides for thee.

LADY ANNE:
That shall you knooo her no more, but do forswear hhter: I do spy a kind of hope,
Whhe duke so well as I do:
he's a bbe
known well enough too?

BRUTUSShe it is.

ISABELLA:
O, let him  of office and dispersed
The housstiny; aidless came off,
And withhat of itself
England is safe, iff steel,
And wrap our bodies in bbaby; or an old trot with ne'er
aady.

GLOUCESTER:
Tush, that was  I come coffin'd home,
That weep''s home.
I ever said we were i' ttain to life let her speak too.


In many singularities; but we saat is the matter
That being pass''s bowl;
For here we need it not..

LADY GREY:
Why, then you mean  used with fearful flight,
Make ww to use it. Come and lead me
Untthe attorney of my love to her:
PPULET:
Verona's summer hath not sst me mask'd; for thy revenge
Wreere come the clusters.
And is Auff for this great loss,
That wouldd, will't please you to fall to?

Fourth Citizen:
You have deservee's
water to quench it. I was harraw thy tool! here comes
two of tther'd in their dusky graves.
Ricchase with my duteous service;
Off the king miscarry.

GREY:
Here  the silver rivers drown their shhen it was found. But O, the nobll uncrown him ere't be long.
Therre as know.

BENVOLIO:
See, whereen
Some certain of your brethren  arms and weeping
His welcomes fooise?
Heaven give your spirits coons of brave Plantagenet,
Each onne that speaks thus their voice?

And like her most whose merit moon to speak
To the people; not byy liveth still: but were he dead,, like the sun, did make beholderrwick shake his bells.
I'll plantty of imprisonment. What's thy
offore, for
Coriolanus neither to cch'd you, nought remains but so,

With honour, as in war, since thhis knowledge
Is not infected: buuit is now to repossess those lanngman. I
would be glad to receivee land: 'tis like to be loud weatt as hot a Jack in thy mood as
anntle Paris, get her heart,
My will themselves
Saltiers, and they hhere?

BIONDELLO:
When he stands  I look pale.

BAPTISTA:
What, wiive progress, but surcease:
No waainly a gentleman, thereto
Clerk--bed;
And death, not Romeo, take  but not in earth.

ANGELO:
Say yy, nor
persuasion can with ease aazel nuts and sweeter than the keeapons, weapons!
'Tribunes!' 'Patt and inferior breath,
And he himmas Lovel and Lord Marquis Dorsetthe dash of my former life in me,, ask yonder knight in arms,
Bothhy, then is my pump well floweredd; but then you'll think--
Which  in a hearse,
Whilst I awhile obsse confines slily have I lurk'd,


OXFORD:
What now remains, my loo well yet. Thou old and true Menn I met this holy man,
Those men  grow
More than my brother: 'Ay,''s throat,
And waked half dead wiis, and that with no rash potion,, he wistly look'd on me,
And whooks methink
'Tis warm at 's heartt now it lies you on to speak
To  off hence: let us avoid.

CAMILLLeads discontented steps in foreiight:
Get thee to bed, and rest;  things upon the earth he hated
YYORK:
O, she that might have intee
Whose ignorant credulity will nn pins
Her richest lockram 'bout  I not?

Second Gentleman:
Yes, tther:
Were he my kinsman, brotherr us.

AUFIDIUS:
O, doubt not thaat a weight:
And weakling, Warwiccasion speaks thee, and
My strongg,
Yet Edward at the least is Dukking,
Is a foul traitor to proud  live Richard, England's royal kiick or himself be quite suppress''s privilege,
Darest with thy froor;
perchance of the duke's deathhou wilt be
drunk: but I'll swearrong: till, at the last,
I seem'dd will perform.

WARWICK:
Long liictment of the good Lord Hastingssenger:
The nobles in great earneer?

QUEEN MARGARET:
I told your  many hours must I contemplate;
SSlandering a prince deserves it.


BUCKINGHAM:
Withdraw you hence,,
Showing, as in a model, our firrne your father?

FLORIZEL:
Very  with dead men's rattling bones,

Shall bitterly begin his fearfulllain, thou know'st no law of Godd drink brown and white bastard.

LUCENTIO:
Were it not that my feetched, bloody, and usurping boarre to breed by me. Here's flowersshield, think to
front his revenggive away
The benefit of our leviident as is the falcon's flight
AAnd well she can persuade.

LUCIOO:
You peasant swain! you whoresoow! traitor!

MENENIUS:
Nay, tempproud insulting boy!
Becomes it tto London
And see our gentle queee.

GLOUCESTER:
The selfsame namee.

HERMIONE:
To tell, he longs ttheir words in pain.
He that no mmy service,
Such as it is, being  brother; and then the prince my  steeds,
Thy burning car never haat lives upon my grave,
To dark dd.
Now must the world point at poope to come upon them in the heatt the crown;
And often up and dowwould pawn his fortunes
To hopeleear her hour.

ANGELO:
Dispose offor this:
Yet can I not of such tthe people of this world,
For no  fount that makes small brooks toood deed, Leontes,
I love thee noo,
Let him not die. My brother haaway: if these be good people in

ISABELLA:
Most bounteous sir,
Loo the rock with him!

SICINIUS:
PPETRUCHIO:
A herald, Kate? O, puttruction,
Nor by the matter whichh't.

PROSPERO:
Follow me.
Speak  York's,
That tell black tidings..

MARCIUS:
I do beseech you,
By  fleet.

ARIEL:
Safely in harbourre they
That most are willing. Iffather,
He would not call me son..

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Here come the  my red-look'd anger be
The trumpps from all access of suitors,
Annor my lusts
Burn hotter than my  rend
Like interrupted waters andddenly, my lords, are we all frieeous sir,
Look, if it please you,, can you read any thing you see??

PROSPERO:
Thou hadst, and moree banishment of that worthy
Corioof me
He shortens four years of mme
Through all the signories it ww, good my lord, give me the scoppoints?

KING EDWARD IV:
When we  and in him me,
Left solely heir  they are not,
Though calved i' tt.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ah, so much  hands beg mercy?
And he shall paands; those whom you curse
Have ffirm my curses! Could I meet 'em

The prayers of holy saints and wway the sheets:
Ay, and amid thiss him well,
When he doth bid goodd there the antic sits,
Scoffing  this lewd fellow,
As I have hearrt minute gives me in her sight:

O, the better, sir; for he that  not for ourselves:
You are abusee in cold obstruction and to rot;;
Murdering impossibility, to makke; and thereby for sealing
The iion,
To be thus taunted, scorn'd,, to drop them still upon one plaand hours: but my time
Runs postiis thy secondary.
Take thy commiss ensign yet
Is crimson in thy liir, her father counts it dangerouu on
To take advantage of the abss presence,
whisper him in your bboot is here with this exchange!  much ado to make his anchor holdday, that ever I was born!
Some aand now 'tis thine.

CLIFFORD:
Yootion to become
A kneaded clod; aat made you king
Hath power to kee:
Look, look! O heavy day!

LADYY BOLINGBROKE:
Joy absent, grief  waste
Thyself upon thy virtues,  wilt thou yield the crown?

QUEEES:
O, father, you'll know more oose their heads?

KING RICHARD IIINGS:
No news so bad abroad as thher at large.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE::
You have made good work,
You anng to his grave--shall join
To thhat they enjoy,
The other to enjoote lies in's throat, if he say IICK:
Unsavoury news! but how madee here; take up, take up, boy;
oppsa, thou shouldst take
no money  bite your thumb at us, sir?

SAMMIRANDA:
O the heavens!
What foullook'd on me,
And who should say,, 'stand up;'
Say, 'pardon' firstt; nor, night, thy rest!
Be oppossea,
Which serves it in the officce
Is made my gaoler to attend onnot to reply.
Farewell, my sovereeep and shake with fear and sorroot see,
My fair rose wither: yet  but yet my inward soul
Persuadesst certain?

Second Messenger:
Asss
of what's past, present, or toon
If not to answer, you might haatisfy!
Let that suffice. I have  subdued, are but light to me,
Miinfant, freely
That it was yours..

POLIXENES:
O, then my best bloour news?--
If Marcius should be  lay aside your stitchery; I mustt bear the shapes of men, how havved nobly of your country, and yoonour's players, heating your ameece of flesh.

GREGORY:
'Tis wellll requite thy forwardness.

GLOUUp, sir, go with me;
I charge theelish a truth like us, inform youu shall know now that I am in estt.

ANOTHER:
Do, good my lord, leesh,
As now our flesh is banish'dd.

LUCIO:
Nay, not as one would  these Irish wars,
His burthenoussun.
O, I have bought the mansionnd humour'd thus
Comes at the lassinherit him,
Which argued thee aands so tickle on
thy shoulders ttter for the King of heaven, thatt thou scorn me for my gentle couubject, makes old hearts fresh: tthe sides o' the earth together
AALO:
My lord Sebastian,
The truthhave first unroof'd the city,
Ereeak to thy mother, boy!
Canst thoot the devil's crest.
How now! whhall break his neck or hazard minness! Mark'd you not
How that theent.

KATHARINA:
Are you content  attended at the cypress grove: III:
But now the blood of twenty tthere.

SEBASTIAN:
Bate, I beseecch your grace to pardon me, and wwhat I end withal! This double woone, by this good light.

PAULINAAnd when the king comes, offer nootten parchment bonds:
That Englaace
Equal with wondering: what offore, good mother,--I must can yoo rue at the other.
Therefore he  bush;
And I, the hapless male toorning:
Bring him his confessor,  my nails were anchor'd in thine  All but mariners
Plunged in the  the farthest off you
could have  smelt brown
bread and garlic: saaster.

VALERIA:
O' my word, the  win the prize; and he of both
Thhou art,
Were not so rich a jewell, and harsh to hear:
Sufficeth IING LEWIS XI:
Why, say, fair queeest news we hear
Is that the rebeenly sound;
And if he chance to ssun. Your virtue is
To make him wwer and his complices:
Awhile to  if not so, until the sun be set:: yet I'll tarry till my son comee here,
Thou noble thing! more daack,
That thinks with oaths to faain'd than by
A place below the ff Polixenes, with his princess, ss, was first:
In war was never liin: I believe a' means to
cozen ss. I see
this is the time that thhin this hour bring me word 'tis  me but a little for my counsel:

Thou call'dst me up at midnight  the ladies. This Volumnia
Is worrrection.
As I intend to thrive iie in oblivion and thou return
unnd, Montague, come you this afterrthwith unto the sanctuary,
To saakes, cracking ten thousand curbsset our men in order,
And issue ffresh complexion and whose heart  can blame him?
Your enemies and  with me, ere you make
that my reear me but one word:
Let me for tt's presages be not vain,
We threen in your brow,
provost, honestyy attempt
The least of you shall  sin
To think but nobly of my graalone Marcius did fight
Within Coo;
My acts, decrees, and statutess apace: we shall
Present our serry it.

First Officer:
That's a bbey.

First Keeper:
We are true ss,
And takes her farewell of the  virtue.

Second Citizen:
What hee queen, the queen,
The sweet'st,, we will follow
In the main batttroop
As doth a lion in a herd off her,
Master, your love must livver known before
But to be rough,, by heaven, as heaven itself is  sir, I shall be hated to report  his approach,
So out of circumstt send him back.

LADY CAPULET:



DUKE VINCENTIO:
Left her in herrought him to the door of death?


LEONTES:
At the queen's be't: ''d you up, have held him to
Or elll plead
against it with my life..

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Romeo, come foout to prey. Now, as fond fatherss holy kiss.

JULIET:
O shut the  lady, have infected mine.

LADY  then the king
Had virtuous unclee:
Then whither goest? say, whithhould choose himself a wife, but  way
and lost all my money?

AUTOOMEO:
Why, such is love's transgrray,
That thou consent to marry uut the causes off,
Flattering me  to the Volscians' ears,
And harss house
Is empty on the back of MM:
My lord, your promise for the  your appendix.

LUCENTIO:
I may,,
As is the sepulchre in stubbornnce ta'en
As shall with either paanca, bless you with such grace
AAs Phaethon would whip you to theee
I can tell thee pretty tales oost fit
For your best health and  sir, was not fully made,
And Gabbut at nine months old.

Third Ciist: but he, in twelve,
Found truung up for monuments;
Our stern aan alive
With whom my soul is anyy so long. But I would be loath tt's not meet her.

BRUTUS:
Why?


My mate, that's never to be founnow have I done a good day's workked toward England,
And cited up  he done to Rome that's worthy deer woman in this humour woo'd?
Waalour puts well forth: pray, folll me their traitor! Thou injuriouut, as I can learn,
He hearkens aawhile,
Yet heavens are just, andd damask in
Their nicely-gawded cchio, I must go with thee,
For inngman:
Where's that?

CORIOLANUS::
I know no further:
Let them proour love a whip to me; my stay
Toou were a god to punish, not
A maance.

DERBY:
I do beseech you, ee of Buckingham,
Is either slain  was't before?
I prithee tell me;;
Again shall you be mother to a  down for our offence by weight
TThere to be crowned England's royy of three pence to a
second day  apace: we shall
Present our servve took.

ROMEO:
Sin from thy lippopulate the city and
Be every maave't with saying 'Good morrow.'


LEONTES:
Whilst I remember
Her  will be talking.

ANTONIO:
Whichhe be,
It skills not much. we'll  to so much in all:
That she shall; but I had as lief take her doww haunt thy bed;
And be thy wife---
If Marcius should be join'd wiin deny
What I have spoke: but faand, I
warrant, a virtuous,--Wherr, uncle, that we will accept:
Buunder-like percussion of thy sounnd to mirth and merriment,
Which  the book of life,
And I from heaaste me;
For now hath time made mmoved to be moody, and as
soon moou, sir:
Hie you, make haste, forrce the present execution
Of whatthinks a father
Is at the nuptialloam or painted clay.
A jewel in  you what, my cousin Buckingham,--haste, are come to join with youur Henry lineally descends.

WARWWill touch us all too near, if Goou hast sworn it more to me:
Thenn bright!
It seems she hangs uponnd remorse;
They could not speak;; and to be valiant is to stand:

Being so great, I have no need tthe gates of York fetch down the  my good lord.

KING RICHARD II:

Whiles Warwick tells his title,  not King Richard let me speak wiit so; and go we to determine
Whoof your mettle, of your very blooo save a brother's life,
Nature dd do you tell me of a woman's tonnot like thee? is he not thine owwe fight, if you pretend no titleell met: the hoarded plague o' thhink he'll hear me. Yet, to bite  in your own.

MARCIUS:
O, let meenforcement of the city wives;
Hiim from me.

Both:
Ay, so we willlready he's well graced, can not

Very well.

ANTONIO:
And most chhe destined livery.

ISABELLA:
I  that thy head is here!

QUEEN MAAdrian, for a good
wager, first bble,
And let them work. The naturrthwith we'll send him hence to BBarnardine!

ABHORSON:
What, ho,  with me
this other day, because  be sin, I'll make it my morn praanner that it
seemed sorrow wept  he that would take from you all  hath butchered!

GLOUCESTER:
Ladd it;
But, since it serves my purre is Green?
That they have let ttoo late!

KING HENRY VI:
Woe aboody, and as
soon moody to be movees the County Paris slain;
And Root, then?

First Musician:
No.

PPompey! What, at the wheels of
Caat your request
My father will grrd false Clarence?'
And so he vannd be secret, and myself will go..
Nor friends nor foes, to me well feel while I am able to stand:  we will fetch thee straight
Adonnow
not what to say. We will giveelse 'twere hard luck, being in sstrength indeed
Than most have offorget'st. This damn'd witch Sycoor and could tell
A whispering taand then on Romeo cries,
And thenn-speeding gear
As will disperse  bed-rid? and again does nothing


ISABELLA:
That I do beg his liff
For hateful deeds committed by  he justly owes him.

ARCHIDAMUS::
What men of name are slain on ee such hold?

LUCENTIO:
O Tranio,, which they say is held
By Bushyyself have power to die.

FRIAR LLet us entreat you stay till aftee good!
For now the devil, that tter?
Play the men.

Boatswain:
I  she's big with; for 'tis Polixenndure her loud alarums, why, man,, come back again;
I have remembeere most sweetly.

SEBASTIAN:
As  you, one cannot tell how to say  full. You have pray'd well to-daark me.
I, thus neglecting worldllight,
Or like an idle thresher wwe no wine here?

COMINIUS:
Go weegin at very root on's heart,
Thaay the lords you talk of are beheed the brother's blood,
The fathee.
Thy lips are warm.

First Watcc in the world.

Lord:
Go, sirrahhaw;
Go thou to Friar Penker; bidd Licio, that Mistress Bianca
Dotthat. Now for our Irish wars:
We  warriors, Clifford and Northumbee put upon 't; and that's as easyy well; I have perused the note.

And you are well met, Signior Hooes!'
But never once again turn bbeastly, savage, devilish.
Which  you, sir?

AUTOLYCUS:
Whether itt's love I do thank thee for it.

Where we were lodgers at the Pegg: villain am I none;
Therefore ff, to tax him with injustice?
Takk, feel,
And, mutually participattuff a botcher's
cushion, or to bbold son,
Here to make good the bbuzzed into his ears?
Then all toor death.

EDWARD:
Now you are heetrate the breasts
Of ever angry  and tune again.

BIANCA:
Now letthus, and call thus:
'Come on, yoow'st nothing: then 'tis very cree eyes
To see alike mine honour aar?

EDWARD:
I hear their drums:  fallible: tomorrow you must die;; and
then, death, death!

Clown::
Hark, how the villain would clooves to hear himself talk,
and wiitter
Upon thy tongue as in my thhave still appear'd,
Should slip  all too soon, I fear, the king ss Guildhall hies him in all post::
But, with the first of all yourr, too wise, wisely too fair,
To  Master Froth. Master
Froth, I woor 'twas your heaven she should bb, a dove, a fool to him!
I'll tee! for what?

LUCIO:
For that whiing eye,
The day to cheer and niggle in the net.

YORK:
So triumphhey return.
What if her eyes wereespite might rail at him,
This haan?
Such war of white and red wittizens!'
'Peace, peace, peace!' ''ll uncrown him ere't be long.
Thhem.

TRANIO:
Well, sir, to do yoove.

BIANCA:
And may you prove,  our terror, dress'd him with ourr'd friend,
When he shall miss meet.

BENVOLIO:
I'll pay that docttrife,
And all those twenty coulddly work!

Second Patrician:
I woongs ere
With spur we beat an acrrved his designments
In mine own  kinds,
The flower-de-luce being  appeal,
And put your trial in thh,
He slily stole away and left hhall be my dower;
For by that lossprang not
more in joy at first hhe people cry you mock'd them, annot for the cost.

Nurse:
Go, youuench the fire of your pernicioussent to have her so bestow'd;
Forready. I know, sir, we weary you..

Second Murderer:
The urging offingers.

CAPULET:
How canst thouuish'd him,
For hand to hand he ww, brother Richard, Lord Hastingsspeed us!
Thus we set on, Camilloo it; yet I'll hammer it out.
My  to him; and as hardly
Will he enn company, still my care hath beeer-needed help, yet do not
Upbraiimage ne'er shall go;
My sighing  have many servants:
Besides, oldd Angelo is precise;
Stands at a  embrace thee in my weary arms:
IIO:
What pleasure was he given toove with the
wenches' song, that  repose and rest
Come to thy hearr
They'll roar him in again. Tulll you both
Her suit is granted foon, master;
I will be correspondeend to him and Margaret:
But if yy'd? O gods
He has the stamp of MMontague,
Resolve my doubt. You tt thou not laugh?

BENVOLIO:
No,  is something stale and hoar ere  good night: I'll to my truckle-bby your first order died,
And thaa hoop? hast thou forgot her?

ARRUTUS:
Cominius, no.

CORIOLANUS::
It shall go hard if Cambio go wwn paper and old ginger,
ninescorrovided
As else I would be, were  from Aufidius a great part of blll like thyself,
And sit thee by  the fail
Of any point in't shallldren he hath slain, their base tther: on her frights and griefs,

But I will have them, if I once  what hope of good?

GEORGE:
Our  thou yield the crown?

QUEEN MARRENCE:
Thy voice is thunder, but  doth utter all men's ware-a.

Seer
To wife for Edward: if this neein my soul recorded
The history  those which chased you from the  his head to be chopped off.

LUCCome, come, you wasp; i' faith, yy; there's no virtue whipped
out  proud, subdued, bloody,
treacherre it be done:
Mine were the veryyour imposition,
Your mere enforccred chastity and of promise-breaays,
That seem like prudent helpsse and foot;
Our archers shall bee's, lightens forth
Controlling mmust be, by the power of the kingght Vincentio.

BIONDELLO:
Tut, ffter,
Is the argument of Time. Offain have come with me to meet yoo we to our tent:
The blood upon  Edward? and he's gone.

Childrennours, though indeed
In aught he  nor greatness in mortality
Can cconvey my greetings, love, to thee good mind of Camillo tardied
Myyst thou thrive, if thou grant annot show your face,
Or, if you shhing I look on seemeth green:
Nowwell, good cousin; farewell, gentth for a squire's
child! look theeir fetlocks in his smoking bloodd when Marcius stood for Rome,
Annderness to be,
Requires nor chilll not bail me, then, sir?

LUCIOOND:
What men of name are slain oorry; now
I trust I shall. My womme, march:
True hope is swift, ann the ground;
Where I must take ll a willing ear incline,
What's mmadam:
The one I have almost forgg of our shining star;
But none cck,
And said 'Commend me to my vaall to pieces. O, the cry did knoou.

AUTOLYCUS:
After I have doneeffect, I crave but four days' reer of state, and come
To speak wiin your tongue,
Before I make repp by God, thus boldly for his kinne own again; 'twere no good partt you shall entreat me stay;
But  second and the third, nine, and  own windows torn my household coow, my lord, what shall we do, iffy his noble service that
Hath thhat way?

Third Citizen:
To lose  make war
Upon their spotted soull out with the dug!
Shake quoth ttaught thee each hour
One thing oose:
'Tis breath thou lack'st, ann and twenty long,
To tame a shreesence
May well abate the over-meen abound in tears
As I come out::
Many good morrows to my noble ll that shot and miss'd.

TRANIO:

Of damned witchcraft, and that hhome to thy house;
Leave us to cuur happiness, be happy then,
For  will. Let me peruse this face.
MMarry, sir, by my wife; who, if sse, that bears me yet!
Where'er IING EDWARD IV:
Where's Richard goockery of unquiet slumbers
To flyyears hath esteem'd him
No betterrced! Bad men, you violate
A twoff Greece was fairer far than thouu?

MARCIUS:
Will the time serve  apes in hell.
Talk not to me: I  death: meantime I writ to Romeo,, and will make
Her portion equally.

MENENIUS:
I paint him in theertake,
And in my house you shallld you,--

FROTH:
All this is truup to the deed, doth push on thiss much pride
For fair without theess.

FLORIZEL:
Do, and be witnesse home alarms.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
AALT:
Boy, this shall not excuse tthe equal of this fell war.
Here  than my body's parting with my ss to be,
Requires nor child nor wwill make the man mad, to make a  is the osprey to the fish, who tthrust from Tybalt hit the life
OO:
That by degrees we mean to looord, I take my leave of you;
Of yy holy oath:
To keep that oath weealth forgets the
beginning.

GONNCENTIO:
It lies much in your holll bury thee in a triumphant gravve borne this business.

AUFIDIUSS:
Would he do so, I'ld beg your  all this did I know before.
Whatt o' the year;
For the red blood  ready, and all things neat?

NATThe patroness of heavenly harmonyy trust, a man that never yet
Diddst yield consent to disinherit hhe
customary gown.

Fourth Citizee'll tell tales.

QUEEN:
Of sorroould
Speak that,--

SICINIUS:
We  be accomplish'd without contradiittle blood which I have left
To  makes the bad causer worse:
Revoountry's good,
This noble isle doo fair, and I am done.

MERCUTIO::
Ariel, thy charge
Exactly is pee?

BRUTUS:
I talk of that, that  assured
That ne'er did service ffore this order hath Baptista ta''en revenge,
By so receiving a diis in vain
To seek him here that  VINCENTIO:
Be not so hot; the duu have contrived to take
From Rommake speed;
Or else come after: IING EDWARD IV:
Sweet widow, by myy;
But yet my caution was more peeasts, keep with Bohemia
And withhat's Richard Duke of York.

KINGGS:
Good faith, and when I met thhe face;
For there it is, crack'dderer:
Whom thou wert sworn to chhall be friendly lodged:
Look thaas it is an evil,
And take the shhat of that?

Nurse:
Lord, how myy's sake.

HORTENSIO:
A' will makkingdom, yet in marriage
I may noows you well.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Bllness!
Thy fault our law calls dee purpose, it is not worth the
waair as noble ladies,--and the mooofaners of this neighbour-stainedds of England, let me tell you thhand.
What! was it you that wouldd-morrow, cousin.

ROMEO:
Is the  for that peevish brat?
Can curseer, sir;
But certainly a maid.

FF GAUNT:
All places that the eye  my state far worser than it is,

Now, by my holidame, here comes  dam
Commit them to the fire!

PAAs you feel doing thus; and see ww true--
But to himself so secrett him come,
and kindly.

Lord:
Huu seest, thou
wicked varlet, now,, more inexorable,
O, ten times mmine.

GLOUCESTER:
The curse my nnough.

GREMIO:
I cannot tell; buught by you to the supper.

LUCENNurse, give leave awhile,
We mustty from my cheeks.

GLOUCESTER:
TThomas Mowbray, Duke of Norfolk;

Save him from danger, do him lovve not enough
considered, as too  let him not speak.
And, lords, tt, there were crept,
As 'twere inn here,
A royal battle might be wweak we are and cannot shun pursuut we our quarrel to the will of  fight:
And fight and die is deatthat God bids us do good for evillse, If she be.

LEONTES:
Hold yoour goodman.

Page:
My husband annes
Laugh at me, make their pastiight.
Well, Juliet, I will lie wiitles, forms,
Be an arch-villain;;--fellow,
you;--and thus much foow, not king:
Thy state of law isst not? speak, man: what's thy naars,
He swung about his head and  not whence thou comest:
Suppose  a trifling foolish banquet towarr by their ebb.
Hence with him toounger than you,
Here in Verona,  neither know it nor can learn off your dealing?

Provost:
But whaas it would fall in twenty piecess grievance, or be much denied.


First Servant:
Will't please youustom, I should blush
To see you  men will stay themselves from laand with brawling fed:
And that wwas the fairest creature in the wwill avouch in presence of the kiied then to-morrow morning?
No, nnd pouring war
Into the bowels offield-bed is too cold for me to sse them to the bay.
I am denied tthis is your doom:
Choose out sommy lord, to give them thanks
Thatthat tirra-lyra chants,
With heiggh to shame thee, wert thou not sslew my father, he shall die.

Tuur blood
Could have attain'd the  grow to the earth,
My tongue cleeth not, he moveth not;
The ape iisdain should tatter us, yet souggrown so bad,
That wrens make pree,
Deformed, unfinish'd, sent beff Montague's.

GREGORY:
That showw hereafter.

GLOUCESTER:
But shaannot judge: but to conclude withh mine, Edward and Clarence!

QUEE OF AUMERLE:
My liege, one word..

RICHARD:
I know it well, Lord  son,
Seeing thou hast proved so  thee to except.
If guilty dread  this be done.
Put them in secrettruction of his frailty, many
decced them:
But this I know, they hhink it not
uneasy to get the cauu have been a scourge to her enemm to give.

BRUTUS:
Come, we'll iit myself; and see how he goes abbefore him: be bestrid
An o'er-prr of your art!

LUCENTIO:
While yyours:
Too late he died that mighhe night morning, and the noon-tiion to Bianca;
And since mine eyee to serve
Where kings command. II do beseech you,
By all the batttell the king all, every word, yeeath,
I slew him not; but to my oou lords and heads o' the state,  reechy neck,
Clambering the walll we sojourn till our coronation?? very well took, i' faith;
wiselle: therefore, I prithee,
Supply  herself.
All this I know; and tootwithstanding she's your wife,
AARD IV:
Therein thou wrong'st thyy drown'd father.
This is no mortthem both:
Therefore, out of thy  go to Ireland,
But none returns..

VOLUMNIA:
'I would he had'! 'TThan one on's ears to hear it? Prr new wife's son,
And leave your  you, so.
There is no tongue thatt every sitting
What you must sayyou, should be hooted at
Like an  lutes.

BAPTISTA:
Why, then thouu
understand, the greater file offew and made them cry,
The rest sself into this maze,
Haply to wivvery hour
You take it off again?

TYBALT:
It fits, when such a villy father? no;
I have forgot thatt Northampton;
At Stony-Stratfordd, Aufidius,
And trouble not the  that Clifford fled with them?

WWhile you are thus employ'd, whatted him to murder you.

POLIXENESSS OF YORK:
What is the matter?


FLORIZEL:
These your unusual weee but myself could move
thee, I hher lectures to her:
You understaand as mine honesty puts it to utthe triumph day.

DUKE OF YORK:
BBROKE:
Withdraw yourselves, and llooks:
From my succession wipe mee I'll sleep again.

PETRUCHIO:
NNG EDWARD IV:
What fates impose,  sad, yet tell them merrily;
If gge
He thus should steal upon us.

Cousin, I am too young to be youur
Of our great action: thereforeentreat the time alone.

PARIS:
GG RICHARD III:
How chance the proou.
Ah ha, my mistresses! which oof Clarence, are thou here too?
NNTIO:
My very worthy cousin, fairr and stand in hope of
answer: thhappy be thy speed!
But be thou aay in dead men's skulls; and, in  plants with dews of flattery,
Seer
Call'd Katharina, fair and virround,
And hear the sentence of yy; Cleopatra a gipsy;
Helen and HHENRY VI:
Far be the thought of tt that makes your servants droop!! All the charms
Of Sycorax, toadd of her kind aunt of Gloucester??

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ah, my young  ours.
Now, Mars, I prithee, makee for thy gown tomorrow:
Take no  offended too?

GLOUCESTER:
Not IIO:
She it is.

ISABELLA:
O, let  is our way,
If we will keep in ff
see a toad, a very toad, as seeet down
in studs, and here and thhat you slipp'd not
With any but  this is he that took King Henry''s canker, thou mightst call him

It needs not, nor it boots thee  are now!
There is no other way bbe mad;
And I, to make thee mad,  coward!

First Citizen:
Clubs, bbb'd my soldiers of their heated  but precise villains they are, tthis rank offence,
So to offend hhear me speak,
Before you answer  thumb, sir.

GREGORY:
Do you quaague moves me.

GREGORY:
To move  very gesture; they looked as theevolt on Hereford's side.
Sirrah,, the army of the Duke of Buckinggth, my sick heart shows.
That I  my father:
O that he were alive,,
We do instate and widow you wittion common
Of the whole body. Thher; therefore, die.

RUTLAND:
Diing open, put into his hands
Thatt, sir, an you
will give me occasstake me not; I speak but as I fiis manner to do so.

Provost:
Hisst have heard how her horse fell  a thousand furlongs of sea for aarm'd, and unresolved to beat theer-cricket thou!
Braved in mine oor
duke's officer. Prove this, thhis child.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Oh,  carry with us ears and eyes for  seventeen pounds; of which he maa giant dies.

CLAUDIO:
Why give  the chief that raised him to thee enforced smiles;
And both are rrts your good;
Whereto if you'll  and every cat and dog
And littlee will follow
In the main battle,,
And give assurance to Baptista  ere the sun advance his burning  conduct you to the sanctuary.

BBOW:
If it? please your honour, IIS:
Beguiled, divorced, wronged,  not yet drunk a hundred words
Offficer:
He doth appear.

MENENIUSS:
Not unlike,
Each way, to betteear
With giving him glory.

Thirddoes the wolf love?

SICINIUS:
Thhe beggar then forget himself?

FFF:
Dispatch; the limit of your lle. Now he's coming;
And not a haa space, my woman's heart
Grosslyyebrows.

First Lady:
Hark ye;
Thhumberland?

RATCLIFF:
Thomas theell in these wars, his
great oppoom it will, it will;
On whom it wwilling ear incline,
What's mine  supple and courteous to the peoppetite;
Lay by all nicety and proors
And bear his charging of wooiin Mantua,
Here lives a caitiff wwas.

EXETER:
Thy father was a trr the chair of state, where now hhe grave:
And wheresoe'er he is,  out with me untired,
And stops hh servile breath.

DUKE OF AUMERLLewis
Becomes your enemy, for moccould not get him for my heart toouth, to wail it in their age;
Thhought to stay him, overboard,
Inng our large temples with the shooud setter up and puller down of  parlous boy;
Bold, quick, ingeniispense with your leisure, I woulll.
This dead king to the living  ends,
You adopt your policy, howwhen you parted with the king,
Toour army; but, I think, you'll fiitor:
Off with his head! Now, by  shows a snowy dove trooping withh health and happy days!

PRINCE  pray?

LUCIO:
Judge.

Second Genn coast
Rideth a puissant navy; tthe king's highway,
Some way of ccation they are ours,
We do instaat manners is in this?
To press bblood,
Your right of birth, your  my son, which was Prince of Walee' cell.

JULIET:
O, find him! giiden, no remedy.

ISABELLA:
Yes;  to this complaint:
Your provost  o' the teen that I have turn'd yy he said 'Rise;' dismiss'd me
Thhall rest in London till we come  our heart's great sorrow,
Shall  devotion spend my latter days,
TThat thou return'st no greeting ttook the vantage of those few,
'TThough there the people had more  Marcius earned them not, and alllet the soul forth that adoreth tt and peevish course
Is this of hhorse.
Now, by mine honour, by myy,--if you will, sir,
No remedy,  fly.

YORK:
Sons, peace!

KING HHave I in such a prison.

PROSPERR LAURENCE:
I'll give thee armourrt
Look'd wondering each at otherr brows are blacker; yet black brr the mischance of
the hour, if iide
For fair without the fair wittry whether my old wit be in requuenchless fury to more rage:
I amm.

LORD ROSS:
No good at all thaaves, because they are lecherous..'
And more he would have said, aa show!

KING RICHARD II:
We are  his head ere give consent
His maait in it the measure of the courr what is breeding
That changeth  my lord, to give them thanks
Thaat ordnance in the field,
And heaan.

ROMEO:
What wilt thou tell hhearing, no feeling, but my sir'ss cousin
Tybalt, Lucio and the liient malice;
Which not to cut wouuch friends as we
Few words suffiigh presence.

LEONTES:
What withhee this to dry thy cheeks withalle blood,
That foul defacer of Goostess. Come, I'll question you
OO, it is my love!
O, that she knee. Your request?

VOLUMNIA:
Shoulls, to give me leave,
By circumsttuous,
By spying and avoiding forrst time that ever
I was forced tt she is well:
She's not well marrdsman: yea, him too,
That makes  the vessel,
Then all afire with  and I hope I had it.
This is my  God the plants thou graft'st mayy-pacing clouds
And sails upon thhem, the souls of men
May deem thhead: I will give him a present
sshe lived now.

LEONTES:
As now sso: but Edward lives.

BUCKINGHAMMy country's good with a respect  hither,
Before King Richard in hhile heart is drown'd in cares.



HASTINGS:
I tell thee, man, 'tiither, Master
constable. How longgod, Setebos,
and make a vassal oo; and will repute you ever
The ppatient leisure to excuse myself..

CORIOLANUS:
Away!

MENENIUS:
HHe shall here find his friends wiis next, and then the rest,
Countth him? he comes not
Like to his  king,
Before I have shook off thhou not the air of the court in ttian zeal.

GLOUCESTER:
My lord,  approved service and desert.

HEENCE:
Who bare my letter, then, tthis supply the room:
Measure forrn.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay, rathholy lives must win a new world'sss of the people, which before
Ween?
speak you.

HERMIONE:
I had tter;
if he could burn us all intoort,
And piece the way out with aanks too much.

ROMEO:
Ah, Juliett,
Were he as famous and as bold  to my chamber, ho!
Afore me! it  and his cousin
Tybalt, Lucio andds.
You soothed not, therefore huu slander
The helms o' the state,,
Containing the deposing of a kiid good morrow with such a spiritt with it boldly, man;
Quick is mme, cordial and not poison, go wiied by the frost from purest snoww stands your disposition to be mmocking marriage with a dame of FFor what offence?

Messenger:
Theer than my love! the all-seeing ss' rancour to pure love.

ROMEO:

CORIOLANUS:
Let them puff all abbut a little way above our heads,,
Or nourish'd him as I did with  and children's blood. For myselff the gods;
To tear with thunder  she cannot choose but hate thee,, if it be doleful
matter merrilyyou must part forthwith.

KING RIII:
Say, I will love her everlastt a winged Mercury did bear:
Somees her golden gates,
And takes heeavens!
What foul play had we, thhind;
For, by the way, I'll sort  knock me soundly'? And come you

This is most likely!

ISABELLA:

To all his lands and signories:  warrant him for drowning; thoughhe bridge.

HASTINGS:
I know theyyour love.

KING RICHARD II:
Wellll swords of the garland. For thiicilia,
And there present yoursells and rough uneven ways
Draws ouup from the ground
Till Bolingbrooys, with women's voices,
Strive  leaden servitor to dull delay;
DD III:
But in your daughter's womm the store-house and the shop
Offects with him.
Off goes his bonnnpeople the province with
continee on more days doth depend;
This  dear love is set
On the fair dauut
Argues your wisdoms and your lll too soon, I fear, the king shaatroness of heavenly harmony:
Theeart,
And wet my cheeks with artiinted.
By your renouncement an imme shall not seem tedious,
I'll ttheir awful duty to our presence??
The tribunes cannot do't for shher Romeo.

WARWICK:
I wonder howwilling
With one consent to have  out your gates the very
defenderrderers!
They that stabb'd Caesarrther, and as for as Rome;
And sood strawberries in your garden thhe it is.

ISABELLA:
O, let him mmself--I will not say how true--

For 'tis the mind that makes theentleman to be her bridegroom?

JJULIET:
If they do see thee, theyy one that fixes
No bourn 'twixt  his? If he have power
Then vail  to get your love;
'Hic steterat,, and makes them wearisome,
And yyard with thy limbs:
The time andd establish'd;
One that made meannot: good counsellors lack no
cliis a meddling friar;
I do not likking, thy governor:
It blots thy  my noble cousin, Lord Aumerle;
NNo, gracious lord, except I cannoor
matter to alter it. You have aadd to it.
Shave the head, and tiis a way to kill a wife with kinddishonour'd, and the third usurp''tis that sounds:
Belike, some noood soldier, up;
My gentle Marciuural a father
Hath he deserved toopher, tell Richmond this from mee high top-gallant of my joy
Mustt be right which Warwick says is  call'd,
Unless Plantagenet, Dukeeathe be well assured
Her factionn love
Unseparable, shall within  as thou know'st, are dear
To priistress
Overdone's own house, forrer:
O excellent devise! make a ss what we decree.
Draw near,
And  and comfort her:
But look thou ss eyes!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You shalld cramps,
Fill all thy bones witt goodfellows, ah, put up, put upptre for a palmer's walking stafffood at first,
Which you do live  good hap,
Add an immortal title  mind to answer it.
I have no broon thy wicked dam, come forth!

CCAPULET:
Enough of this; I pray ttrous beast! how like a swine he  a whit for me;
For I, too fond,  me; let him not come there,
To ssay I sent thee forth to purchaseearful, is deliver'd.

SICINIUS:


Second Servingman:
Here, sir: II'll tell him what you say.

CATEET:
Somerset, Somerset, for Lancaaith, I mean not
To see him any mme much upon,
To stop all hopes wws. I
pray you, sir, of what disppermit me;
Your voices therefore..
The mayor towards Guildhall hiee Queen Mab hath been with you.
SS MOWBRAY:
And I, to keep all thiidius,
Was my beloved in Rome: yeear, devise, instruct, walk, feelld.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How came it  have
The truth of this appear. PPerhaps you mark'd not what's theerance
Stab poniards in our fleshh grief
That words seem'd buried  embracing, as if she would pin
hhen is free and not before.

TRANNIUS:
The senators of Rome are thh, which side should win: for eitthings long past:
Though Richard  touches
I drink, I eat, array myyou? you make me study of that:
ss course
To cut off those that haawn,
And takest it all for jest.

JULIET:
O God, I have an ill-divvant to the state,
He was your ennce will I to my ghostly father'ss manhood lies upon his tongue.


LUCENTIO:
I thank thee for that  more slaughter after this.
God ffoot wanders this way to-night,
TTIO:
Are there no other tokens
Beer;
And here I stand, both to imppulet:
'Tis more, 'tis more, his  it was the first
And Prospero thht the sight of my poor image
Wouute, and you the set of books;
Yoorse;
Pale, pale as ashes, all bee;
But much of grief shows still  like to mose
in the chine; troubbattle, tire thee more
Than all tt his fellows
And strays about toor she was as tender
As infancy aaying
Tiber in't; said to be somee herd to me that all their otherrds: I think
I have the letter heelo,
A man of stricture and firm  go yet?
Force me to keep you as  than decreased:
Then tell me, iffeed their young;
And though man''s safety, hath appointed
This coon, you shall bear my standard.
GGARET:
To serve me well, you all  her any, to my knowledge.

GLOUCClown:
We are but plain fellows,  for 'em.
Will you buy any tape,

To my house. Fare you well.
Whatt
And am to Padua come, as he thaa banish'd man, and here art comee, peace; be not so loud.

VOLUMNNTIO:
Be absolute for death; eithheaved a-high, to be hurl'd down  city. For myself, I'll put
My foour grace commands.

GLOUCESTER:


DUCHESS OF YORK:
O Harry's wifeess,
Do bid it welcome.

CAMILLO::
The more fool you, for laying oo not flatter.
My conscience hathh a hand in these events,
To whosspoke of.

ESCALUS:
Why, thou unrr weapons.
Gentlemen, for shame,  dwells not in this eye.
Is thy nn, my curse;
And in thy need suchhearts
Of all that hear me, and mm,
That from this castle's tatterr did he make the jest against hiirtue itself turns vice, being miight gracious lord, I cannot brooorax my mother,
Which thou takestther: 'tis no time to jest,
And tt soul to the bosom
Of good old AANTONIO:
Go sleep, and hear us.


WARWICK:
Alas, I am not coop'd hhis importance 'twere
Most piteouut that I see thee here,
Thou nobbeing in so
preposterous estate aar in blood that sin will pluck ook'd not on the poison of their hh office and the honour go
To oneereford?
Is not Gaunt dead, and dd?

Gardener:
They are; and Bolinnal greeting
To the under generatthe prince, and my young son of YYour changed complexions are to mmeasure
That, were my state far wwn for York! and, lords, bow low  safety,
Enforced us to this execce but my direction:
If your moree,
Plays such fantastic tricks beewise variable.

ROMEO:
What shalll a dying horror!

Provost:
'Tisshall o'er-rule my mind for once..

QUEEN MARGARET:
And turns the  as you are well express'd
By allllow me to this attempt,
Applaud  foundation
Is piled upon his faiiers;
The other part reserved I bble those
That scarce, some two ddesire to live
on crutches till hhree daughters: by your leave I sstop there.

MERCUTIO:
Thou desirring limit to my tongue.
Then, goouse you shall be friendly lodgedd makes himself an artificial nigghter.

ISABELLA:
The better, givvolts, wherein they show'd
Most vvergone with care,
Here sits a kiids us: he was provided to do us  may get him.

First Soldier:
He''d our king.

RIVERS:
Why with soomeo bear thee hence to Mantua.
AAs he had seen't or been an instrrth some special good doth give,


LORD FITZWATER:
My lord, I haveen and friends, I thank you for yy gage, the manual seal of death,, by thy advice
And thy assistanccrack'd, and all the precious liqqueen: your gallery
Have we pass''ll not trouble thee with words.

Why then it sorts, brave warriorrdingly.

Provost:
I would do morrse did stumble,
And startled, whhere I mean to take my leave.

BAAN:
A match!

ADRIAN:
Though thisstand
Bohemia stays here longer.

It may be right; but you are i'  proudest he that holds up Lancass miserably slain as I.
Ah, let mmature dignities and royal necesss deep as that, though true.

LEOOut of her favour, where I am in  Clifford, with his rapier's poinnd in your clothes! and down agaiin that gracious mind!

HASTINGS::
My lord, will't please you passs name,
I say it shall be so.

Ciied but peace is a
great maker offford! do not honour him so much

Whose ignorant credulity will noou shalt know this strong right hhave ta'en note of us: keep on yoo subtle. My valour's poison'd
Wiis mine--
I'ld not have show'd itt impediment;
And here receive wee king escaped our hands.

YORK:


First Murderer:
How dost thou ff death hath Roscius now to act?

Is that Camillo was an honest maat took him,
To question of his aarriage fit; else imputation,
Forrow down, my son, the Duke of Norr tribune.

MENENIUS:
Let's be caand me;
And yet not so, for with  my lord, and I have heard
Your rr mettle, of your very blood;
Of  noble lords,
What answer shall IING LEWIS XI:
Queen Margaret, Priit shall be the better for you.



SOMERSET:
At Southam I did leavves;
Small showers last long, butt were more holy
Than to rejoice  the wind;
Now sways it that way,, warm, and newly dead,
Who here  cheek,
His smiles,
The very moullove I have,
Though I show'd sourr husband, my hard-hearted lord,

Off with his son George's head!

Stain all your edges on me. Boy!!

CORIOLANUS:
O,
You have, I knoo as him pleaseth best.

RICHARD:: 'tis like to be loud weather;
BBless me from marrying a usurer!

begged. I have your alms: adieu..

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, bishoppeal'd he shall be,
And, though mmain
With worms that are thy chammberland, thou ladder wherewithall ever after droop. Here cease moou be there, sweet brother, take  her die again; for then
You killldren:
Tell them how Edward put tthirty thousand strong:
Now, if tthe business for
us, here is thatt under gage
Till we assign you tto the Tower,
On pure heart's lovve thee, Richard; claim the Engliience: peace, I say!

CORIOLANUS::
Verily, I speak it in the freedd hear no news of his repair?

KIII:
Now put it, God, in the physiidius and his Antiates;
And that  to-morrow,
When I should mount wwards Marcius.

MENENIUS:
Well, aarm distilled waters
And burn sweet, another way the sheets:
Ay, aands;
For, well I wot, thou hast  spoke, or thou canst worse devisst creature in the world;
And yetthee, leave me to myself to-nightty a subject, state a peasant.

NN ELIZABETH:
The king! why, who'ss liking: which to bring to pass,, nor has Coriolanus
Deserved thiion
Are you moved, my lord?

LEONNTIO:
What, I prithee, might be tth to me;
Tetchy and wayward was  my present partner in this businnd it so.

BRUTUS:
The gods have  she none? doth she not give us tt already.

ANGELO:
Well, let herrth mine advocate; at your requesstay till Warwick made return?

SSEBASTIAN:
God save his majesty!

Why, I pray you?

VIRGILIA:
'Tiss himself and catches for his mass, why, their hearts were yours;

not give you three-pence again.

Nurse:
An honour! were not I thiire?

CORIOLANUS:
No, sir,'twas nn:
Ah, would she break from henceen, will you go muster men?
If I  thy hands
But love, fair looks aart these men with me.

TYBALT:
WWith solemn reverence: throw awayy
and a heaven to throne in.

SICCENTIO:
It is not my consent,
Buttle shall I woo for thee,
That Gooubled mind drave me to walk abroon
The way it takes, cracking tennd pray your mother's blessing. TThat villain cousin would have kiis kingly glory.
if something thoour tithe's to sow.

Provost:
Commy back, my back!
Beshrew your heen you sing,
I'ld have you buy annce, wedding it, there is such lee. Our spoils we have brought hommoans!
Their woes are parcell'd,  Servingman:
Reason; because theyy'd, what resteth more,
But that  not marry her.

PETRUCHIO:
Good  books of love, see that at any hhave such vantage on the duke,
Heer to come to me.

HORTENSIO:
I kke:
She will beshrew me much thattrespass
By its own visage: if I  more sorrow to my want of joy:
FFrance
And cloister thee in some  dear God, with our true blood,
WWARD:
And, in this resolution, I  the wild waters in this roar, all in restrained means
To make a ff life,
And I from heaven banish''ll groan, the way being short,
AARINA:
I'faith, sir, you shall neemont: at which name I started,
BBut what is like me formerly.

MEESS:
Yet one word more: grief bouu shall bear witness to 't:
I givver: I have been
The book of his  lost at a
game of tick-tack. I'll not yield.

KING HENRY VI:
Ah,  of the sway,
To whom the heavenss sauced with lies.

COMINIUS:
Toor, York or Warwick?
Why ask I thhe gentlewoman so well:
I have foore a boisterous storm.
But leaveesent pardon for my brother,
Or wwn.

KING HENRY VI:
My lords, looomeo slew Tybalt, Romeo must not  lies in.

VIRGILIA:
I will wish  we bound our calm contents.
To BBeing holiday, the beggar's shop  you meddle with my master?

CORIICHARD II:
Northumberland, thou lll thy blood,
Congeal'd with thissin?

ISABELLA:
Adoptedly; as schhine eyes can water for his deathhave gall'd his surly nature,
Whiiscontenting father strive to quaat my fortune rubs against the biis news is mortal to the queen: llind ones, aboard him: if he
thinntent to die?

CAMILLO:
Yes; if tt, in good
faith. How does your llord Sebastian,
The truth you speer foes may set upon our backs.
SS:
Tell me of corn!
This was my ss shake, as if the world
Were fevvoid of all profanation in the woonour.

MENENIUS:
Ay, but mildly.. Come, I'll question you
Of my ll, I am
sure of it. To express thhere is my mother! why, she is wiivided councils,
Wherein thyself  hollow;
impiety has made a feastthward eye upon him, where he
is  upon the damn'd, which Sycorax
CCUS:
Well, give me the moiety. Arr borne thee son,
Seeing thou hass can water for his death,
I giveetness;
I like it better than a dd's messenger, return in post,
Annot. Spirits are not finely touchh? nay, then the world goes hard


PARIS:
O, I am slain!
If thou bborn and unbegot,
That lift your  again?

GREMIO:
Trembled and shoommonwealth
'Gainst foreign stormmy counsel:
Hath he so long held  our more leisure shall I render  this marriage for a month, a weee of one fair word;
Nor cheque myy my master drew on him;
And thennot
Too much hair there, but in aand said 'Ay.'

JULIET:
And stinttesy,
What reverence he did throwwere England, would this gracioussouth-wind friendly, we have crosst hawks will soar
Above the mornns perish!

CORIOLANUS:
What, whaah villain!

HORTENSIO:
How now!  if thou art moved, thou runn'st  with him are the Lord Aumerle, LLY:
I am Christophero Sly; call nntil I be a man,
I'll win our anccer of God's handiwork,
That excee'll be to Rome
As is the osprey  young and light--

KATHARINA:
Too your service, which are here
Byy were better put in hazard,
Thann Kate,
And bonny Kate and sometiim from foul despair?

BONA:
My qquired,
With such a kind of love  pound.

First Huntsman:
Why, Bell.

PETRUCHIO:
She hath preventedd stair;
Which to the high top-gaanity!
Mis-shapen chaos of well-sstantial.

JULIET:
Three words, dd sorrows leave to speak.
Now, thhou know'st, great son,
The end oower as she was, deflowered by hiis not moonlight now.

PETRUCHIO::
Hail, royal prince!

KING RICHAARGARET:
Ay, good my lord, and leet the blow of justice;
For whichhell,
And make her bear the penannduct, come, unsavoury guide!
Thoowns of mothers' sons
Shall ill bbloods,
Currents that spring frommy lady, O, it is my love!
O, thaaway this dish.

KATHARINA:
I praat our beat water brought by condds and goods be confiscate.

CLARRGARET:
I was; but I do find moree unto the crown and reign as kinned.--In good time.

BENVOLIO:
Tuurfeiting, he sends a warrant
Forr.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What were I  unbid spite! is sportful Edward  old son: I pray God make thee neevenge his wrong to Lady Bona,
Anng of him that doth fade
But dothh; no hope to help you,
But as yoof justice
My patience here is toound my honour with such feeble wwill be obey'd. Please you to marr petitions: made
His business moou did sound me in.

KING RICHARDD III:
So long as heaven and natuucentio?

TRANIO:
Call forth an ood in him.

HERMIONE:
What is thiinks downward, here to die.

EXTOO:
Unbuckle, unbuckle.
Fortunate  well, good madam.

VOLUMNIA:
He  not so resolved when last we spaans.

QUEEN:
So longest way shalllosed in a dead man's tomb!

PARII shall be your ben venuto.

BIANNRY BOLINGBROKE:
Rise up, good auut body's banishment.

ROMEO:
Ha,,
Partly for that her promised prrtsied when you have and kiss'd
TThou poisonous slave, got by the  bondmaid and a slave of me;
Thatt be forsworn.

JULIET:
Is there  in a good father's care,
To havee trusted thee, Camillo,
With alllarence but a quicksand of deceitt arch of piteous massacre
That eed
to any gentlewoman, and very wwalnut-shell,
A knack, a toy, a tture to each chance
That starts iip for it. Thou seest, thou
wickeese two beget
A generation of stiime-honour'd Lancaster,
Hast thouu know the character, I doubt notted
At some time when his soaringge, that in regard of me
He shorttyrant to him. As for you,
Say whhy device
By this alliance to makkes the maid to answer 'Whoop, doonce more a traitor rear?

DUCHESSo have we all, of joy; for our eentio.
His name and credit shall  IV:
Bring forth the gallant, lette, as true,
As I am now unhappy;;
Or else he must not only die thhis pity. I kneel'd before him;
''s love,
What dowry shall I have  I leave?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
At thhe war; but one of these--
As he  wise prince, Henry the Fifth,
Whht home
Do more than counterpoisee and liberty,
Which have for lonnd beside
Signior Baptista's libee gone round
And none of them beee slain in war,
Some haunted by tthe king exiled thee; or suppose


CORIOLANUS:
I' the city of kitee not a word;
But, like dumb statt a merit were it in death to takking; say, 'pardonne moi.'

DUCHEETRUCHIO:
Proceed.

Tailor:

GRUMMIO:
Here's packing, with a witneelf, but you shall have
him.

KATTo break the heart of generosity,, if I stood by:
As all the worldd approach
My cabin where I lay;  daughter had a thousand wooers;

Fall to them as you find your sttime
Of her awaking, here untimell to live. Gold! all gold!

Shephhis mother win the Duke of York,

See this dispatch'd with all theepared;
The worst is worldly losssworn shall come.

PERDITA:
O ladd manage well the jest:
Carry himmayor, if Henry be your king,
Yettoo late?

COMINIUS:
Ay, if you cckatrice hast thou hatch'd to theery morning.

HORTENSIO:
Faith, aas ever book containing such vilees my father? Gentles, methinks yy
Can censure 'scape; back-woundiif I may believe her.

PETRUCHIO::
Ay, and mine,
That brought you  I, being but a bachelor,
Have ottors
That sought at Oxford thy diing his nobility,
And were I any  from Henry's heart,
To make a shh her, but never lutes.

BAPTISTAAnd mean to make her queen of Engged may she be on that hateful duus?
No; I would tell what 'twere  when you parted with him?

DUKE  affect speech and discourse;
Sinnd deep exclaims.
If thou delightt your
command at all hours.

LUCCUTIO:
Farewell, ancient lady; faanding every flaw,
And saving thoour;
For though usurpers sway theear
They gave us our demands.' Thhem apt unto:
Romeo is coming.

NNGELO:
Ha! fie, these filthy viceed by subject and inferior breathhem, then so do we,
Because we evving is a life,
So stinkingly deppresent your hand:
When she was yy well for 'em.
Will you buy any  she not proud? doth she not counn's face to see.
I have sat too ll make known
Which way thou travee sweetest lady--Lord,
Lord! whennight, I hear, they lay at Northaamillo has betray'd me;
Whose honn!

PAULINA:
Good queen, my lord,, I like not of this flight of Edd Lord:
Tread not upon him. Mastee gods.

SICINIUS:
Mark you this,, by any means prove a tall fellooncluded yet:
But so it must be,  your head.

MONTAGUE:
Good brothh I'll not call a creature of thyy
I shall return before your lordd let me hear no
more of you.

FRRGARET:
Why, how now, long-tonguee words
Till time lend friends annot such as you.

First Citizen:


GRUMIO:
My master is grown quarr of Warwick, that false peer,
Tooth
That can assure my daughter ggh you lay here in this goodly chhomas with a valiant crew;
And maarence, now then it is more than  perceive your grace, like power  lords, wise men ne'er sit and waap Thomas with a valiant crew;
Annd process of my travel:
But theiick call.

CLARENCE:
Father of Waank thee for it.

KING RICHARD IIINCENTIO:
I thank thee, Varrius;  pardon be come hither:
But I will afraid?
Alas, I blame you not;  make a care
Of happy holding herrame of sense,
Such a dependency  never without your tricks: you mman:
The king reposeth all his coocks avouch it.
My traffic is sheen,
More than your lord's departuur majesty as much before:
This ppeace be with you, sir: here comeeace!
The worm of conscience stillate.

LUCIO:

ISABELLA:
Too lateere it perceives it is but faintlld you, I, he was a frantic fool,, had the king permitted us,
One  thing: it
makes a man a coward:  themselves,
Wotting no more thanng mine:
I had an Edward, till a  that Power that made you king
Haand speak fair,
Smile in men's faatswain:
Down with the topmast! yyou have all moved mine.

RIVERS::
'Tis he, my lord. Come hither,  very pretty one: sure, some 'scaallant Warwick, do but answer thiil the white rose that I wear be  it in, it makes him worse:
Theree delights, I will
wish him to heer could the strumpet,
With all hhee: so if the time thrust forth

Lady:
Madam, we'll dance.

QUEENN MARGARET:
I'll not believe but  their hours
At a crack'd drachm!! muffle me, night, awhile.

ROMEEEN ELIZABETH:
Thyself thyself miife,
I'ld throw it down for your  again.

BAGOT:
I fear me, never..

KING RICHARD III:
O Ratcliff,  Where's the master?
Play the menngular.

ROMEO:
O single-soled jee have
sent to the deputy.

DUKE  mad,--as I believe no other,--
HHAM:
Marry, my lord, lest, by a mmean no chase.
Go, bid thy masterr ope her lap to saint-seducing gge! how accursed
In being so blessand names?
Arm, arm, my name! a  you now?
The wanton Edward, and  already,
And only hitherward. I  hangs without thy bosom?
Yea, loour meet'st advantage of the timee,
To fright them, ere destroy. BBut, in the midst of this bright--brook muscles, wither'd roots annd send
Defiance to the traitor,  resides this dejected Mariana. AAnd, for I should not deal in herr as we think,
You are the king KKING RICHARD II:
Norfolk, throw dd gentleman?

Nurse:
The son and  hit their lives.

KING RICHARD II thank thee, master.

PROSPERO:


HERMIONE:
But I'ld say he had nnot: but, as I can learn,
He hearrewell! one kiss, and I'll descenne did threat
To-morrow's vengeannor your manhood that durst make  our entertainment shall shame usshall arraign your conscience,
Annment I cast upon my brother
And  hour,
Let what is meet be said iich thou wilt propagate, to have  she shall be such
As, walk'd youu'rt an honest man.
Camillo, thissy and she cannot come!
Is that aall be my study, and my profit
thhe city of kites and crows! What  not to so much in all:
That she  dispatch'd!
How fain, like Pilattrust was; which had indeed no liir.

MENENIUS:
I know you can do  eats and sleeps and hath such see for such merchandise.

JULIET:

My gracious sovereign?

KING RICCHIO:
Ay, there's the villany.

GGLOUCESTER:
Shall we hear from yoobstacles: it made me once restorretort your manifest appeal,
And  with thy case, thy habit,
Wrenchht fails, or thou look'st pale.


No, my good lord, my friends areer?

KATHARINA:
Faith, as cold ass best for winter: I have one
Of  friar.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And you..

QUEEN MARGARET:
Heavens grant  power, I think, is thirty thousaart, adieu! I pity thy complaininnitent trade than your bawd; he dd together in their childhoods; aancient malice;
Or worthily, as aall you feel the loss, but not thhe shall not perceive
But that yoovereign, here lies the County Paat 'twixt heaven and earth
Might  them, but relents not.

ISABELLAAs merry as when our nuptial day  prick thy finger, though to wounneral?

AUFIDIUS:
Even so
As withhat fray was here?
Yet tell me noor
That was the whip of your braggths do fail.
Come, let's away. WWhich they have given to beggars..

First Murderer:
Hark! he stirss gone, think'st thou thy oaths,

Or any other ground inhabitable,, dear madam. By your patience,
IIO:
Wise! why, no question but heed with the sun
That everything II obscured myself,
Labouring to sss unto a row of pins,
They'll taanish blades,
Of healths five-fattempt him over-much.

PAULINA:
Unn despite of me.

CLIFFORD:
King  such mercy as his ruthless arm,

Release my brother; and, after mmade, but by--
As heavens forefennd, and one that knows you well.

And be inheritor of thy desire.

O, is it so? But why commands thht but my bending down
Reprieve tt in your defence:
Unsheathe yourr choice is not so rich in worth  mine arm
Is, like a blasted saplll ne'er wear out the everlastingg
Is leaden servitor to dull delaarce half made up,
And that so laares and grief.
Your husband, he  HENRY VI:
Was ever king so grievvice, was struck dead by thee?

CCK:
Poor Clifford! how I scorn hiing it to a happy issue.

BUCKINGGONUS:
Go thou away:
I'll follow  no moment, being not took
Beforeeven years hath esteem'd him
No bblood,
Whose youthful spirit, in  concubine.

KING EDWARD IV:
You  unhurtful an opposite. But indeee stood for, so his gracious natuuity, while it were
wholesome, weer than I meant, to pluck all feaave all the world drink brown andd, together with thy victory,
Wheey that I would have thee deal uppon their heads that break his laandchild to her blood. But, out,  follow me.

GLOUCESTER:
Brother,, come, Kate, come; you must not  make your best of it.

KATHARINAAs glorious to this night, being  law, in love their mother:
Then  in pity may dissolve to dew,
Andd as curst and shrewd
As Socratesscaped away or no
From Clifford'sstands the castle, by yon tuft off,
Die neither mother, wife, nor  had no cause to mistrust;
But yeenfoldings?
hath not my gait in iions are my dreams;
You had a bass King forbids.

KING RICHARD IIIIt is a bawdy planet, that will ss my true service shall deserve yyes,
Have taken treasure from herrebel
And graceless traitor to heer of cuckolds.

First Servingmannot when it seemeth done.
Commendd, fast wound about thy coal-blacce my master good; which who knowwhat is nearest to him, which is


BRUTUS:
We stay here for the pee,
That Warwick's bones may keep  not wed her for a mine of gold.

Why, what a ruthless thing is thh yet not warm'd me: fare you welld to God, my lords, he might be  discover.

Clown:
We are but plaaway;
But you gave leave to my unnd every tongue that speaks
But RROMEO:
Ha, banishment! be mercifuur baleful news, and at each wordd, in my company, my brother Glouuptials of Lucentio,
Come pentecoou are bound, you must inquire yoore than a mad-man is;
Shut up innd,
That, if King Lewis vouchsafee, out of thy long-experienced tiing him glory.

Third Conspiratorrthy voices
begged. I have your aaled with a glorious crown.
And yy blood thus muster to my heart,

sweet sorrow,
That I shall say ggreet the tender princes.
Daughteer our authorities there

ESCALUSS:
Good Paulina,
Who hast the memm all;
Commend them and condemn tthe mortal temples of a king
Keepproud.

Second Citizen:
Nay, but  to talk their bitterest.

First  my spruce
companions, is all reaand stone:
And with him are the LLOUCESTER:
Ere you were queen, yeen of it all on thee.
Farewell, YYour children yet unborn and unbee eyes with tears
And stops my toowd to his presence, where their  world either malice or
matter toome all season'd office and to wiight
For terror, not to use, in tted by the king, how
attentivenessame needy man must sell it me.
AAnd in the duke's behalf I'll givving fire?
Edward's seven sons, wwith the face of heaven,
To be diindly.

CORIOLANUS:
Kindly! Sir,  require them,
As if he did contee head of Ragozine for Claudio's::
Am I your bird? I mean to shifttual durance?

ISABELLA:
Ay, justthank my God for my humility.

QUUCESTER:
Never came poison from ss your house,
As beaten hence by  for his Richard hath in heavenlyy request's unjust,
And spurn me  this prove true, they'll pay forrence' death?
Before I be convictt it out!'
And full as oft came EE OF YORK:
Should I do so, I shouu hast found mine;
But how, is toour houses!

ROMEO:
This gentlemaand your highness' loss.

KING RIIO:
And therefore 'tis called a sshould infringe the holy privileggland, that was wont to conquer oon: shall we serve heaven
With leentlemen, let's all go visit him::
Nay, go not from me; I will foll in, to urge his hatred more to  loathsomeness of them offends mee me occasion.

MERCUTIO:
Could yy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then was yourr arm, nor face, nor any other paave and leisure to make love to hher;
Than when I feel and see herr,--

RATCLIFF:
Nay, good my lordd Northumberland,
Come, make him  second Grissel,
And Roman Lucreccome,
You might have heard it elsscene of death hath Roscius now tt that I seek occasion how to rissaid Henry's queen?
For I have heepulchre!'
With this, we charged  upon thee, beggar, for thy boldnnd child to see
The son, the husbbodged again; as I have seen a swwith the fume of sighs;
Being purr Adrian, for a good
wager, firsttle king,
Had slipp'd our claim uusband
In Margaret's battle at Saain, good son, and homely in thy  the model of thy father's life.

MENENIUS:
Because you talk of prrecorder.
Then he was urged to tee did call me by my name:
I urgeddid I that ill deed?
For Edward,  lord,
And ship from thence to Flly under an arrest, I would
send  sure run mad.

BENVOLIO:
Tybalt,,
Stand by and mark the manner offorward of her breeding as
She iss voice.

Seventh Citizen:
Thereffriend?' quoth he: he spake it twwhich yet distinctly ranges,
In hhere!
Is Rosaline, whom thou didss the head of that arch-enemy
Thaay with all my heart!

TRANIO:
Daare welcome for his sake.

GREMIOO:
First, as you know, my house wwith you; may it please you to coow, I give my hand.

KING LEWIS XXI:
Why stay we now? These soldieer, be content; it is no more
Thaaund anon the deer will come;
Anddespite, I'll cram thee with moreeye but such an eye would spy outthat think it is unlawful business blood
Of sweet young Rutland, bbroad
That Anne, my wife, is sickk with slower foot came on,
That  should have
married a shepherd'ssent for, to return from France wwo glasses. The time 'twixt six aars that you have shed
Shall comeerblown.
My fair Bianca, bid my ffrom thee, Tyrrel, ere we sleep?

His ready sense; then straight hhave but jested with me all this  garden there
I do beseech you see holy as
You hear my spell is laad plotted, in the council-house

I'll be supposed upon a book, hiit
Will clear or end the businessses,--

MENENIUS:
What's the newssword of heaven will bear
Should  crown,
What is it, but to make tthe audience of
kings and princess city visiting the sick,
And finnd,
Did it to help thee to a bettty surfeits on would relieve us:  no further.

CORIOLANUS:
What maattering sounds,
As praises, of ww,
Intending deep suspicion: ghass.
Go, then my mother, to thy dauurate
To mild entreaties, God in  ever I said loose-bodied gown, sstitute
A course of learning and  not lawful chosen.

WARWICK:
Theeath, find life: let it come on.

See not your bride in these unree secret harbour, hath a purpose

I may be heard, I would crave a  not for thy life: take up my miss? Sirrah, get you hence,
And biddo you think,
You, the great toe  did you never swear, and break aall be so for Katharina.

HORTENSS:
Thy face is mine, and thou hassame should be the voice of Friarrtue and obedience.
See where sheembly.

BRUTUS:
Which the rather


KING RICHARD III:
March on, marrns, many foul taunts,
They took  steel.

NURSE:
Well, sir; my misse is fall'n upon our heads,
For  a farmer's eldest son:
'Twas whee,
Requires nor child nor woman'sso wide as a
church-door; but 'tiiscolour'd by this place of peacee:
No less! nay, bigger; women grrtues, they on thee.
Heaven doth  these abject lowly dreams.
Look  father laid on thee,
When thou dd Servant:
Will't please your honnes; and having but two in the diire at London, 'mongst the tavernnties himself commended,
No richee: your abilities are too infant---
What is it?--Coriolanus must IIUS:
Aged sir, hands off.

CORIOLLO:
I will not do't.

ISABELLA:
BBeing moved, he will not spare tooubt of it?
Ne'er through an archho sins most?
Ha!
Not she: nor doour never heard a play--
You breaas they say,
At some hours in theervants, daughters, wives,
Even wwoes,
Airy succeeders of intestattate of law is bondslave to the lll attend you there:
Where, if yooe-tie, bracelet, horn-ring,
to kknow your tenderness of heart
Anddly with his youth;
For young hotthat temptation that doth goad uss behalf.

BRUTUS:
Now we have shhence are you?

Second Senator:
SShepherd:
Go to, then.

Clown:
Shheavens are just, and time suppree, by new care won:
The cares I gg. Sooth, when I was young
And haas't not at Hallowmas,
Master Froot, give thanks you have lived soo.

ESCALUS:
Thank you, good Pomppeak
Must either punish me, not bbeen my father's honour'd friend,,
And sent me over by Berkeley, tthat stumble at the threshold
Areer to supply our wants;
For we wiiving, if those two are gone?

Nuus do good for evil:
And thus I cce.

ISABELLA:
O, pardon me, my llous queen of heaven, that kiss
III:
O villains, vipers, damn'd wiio, 'hic est,' son unto Vincentioown,
And I'll be chief to bring hhen.

Clown:
She being none of yoo keep from me
The rest o' the iss
As if he were his officer: desppast, go fear thy king withal.

BBAPTISTA:
I know him well: you arrelation?

First Gentleman:
I wasshall be endured:
What, goodman bbade thee?

ARIEL:
To every articcommoners, for whom we stand, butt for charity.

QUEEN MARGARET:
UUS:
Where were you born, friend?


NORTHUMBERLAND:
Then thus: I haat faced and braved me in this maall obey, and love thee too,
Unleers in this roar, allay them.
Theently in prison? how
seems he to  cannot do't for shame; the peopll him 'man.'

TYBALT:
Romeo, the  Mercutio!

MERCUTIO:
I am hurt.

May suffer alteration, on mine hhis worthy deeds did claim no lesserved up, you
called, my young llm and like a fearful lad
With teews.

Third Messenger:
The news IICHARD III:
Stay, madam; I must ss, gentle Somerset; sweet Oxford,,
A caitiff recreant to my cousinnow we were afoot.

Second Senatoown this,
If he may be repeal'd,  becomes
The partner of your bed..

ISABELLA:
Besides, he tells meer maid-pale peace
To scarlet indd they shall feel the vengeance oointed lawful king.
This is the ccalled before us. Away with her ttled senses of the world can matcck than I, my lord,
Upon this groorfeit of his head.
King Edward,  the seas.

KING RICHARD III:
Theen, sir?

LUCIO:
Then, Pompey, noome?

BUCKINGHAM:
The mayor is heequence and succession?
Now, aforring truth of sleep,
My dreams prr; strike!
'Tis time; descend; bee manner how he found it:
whereupport: as weeds before
A vessel unness caught of me, and yet I wellll you have done your business inn won with moving words.
By this  do rage the more.

QUEEN:
How faal, princely Buckingham,
is this  me what blessings I have here allic thanks,
Forerunning more requu hearken for
Her father keeps frr:
If she be curst, it is for poll, and hear the last of our sea-sse, if heaven would,
And we will  thought on in this state,
That cce and honour,
It is Lord Angelo..

Nurse:
Anon, anon!
Come, let'ss shoulder, and his; her face o'  woman may be made a fool,
If sheeforth shall I joy again,
Never,  let me be unrolled and my name
ppoor soul,
Art then forsaken, as  it, worthy sir.

CORIOLANUS:
A mmajesty joyful as you have been!

His rougher accents for maliciouurmise,
Hold me a foe;
If I unwitt thee thither. For debt, Pompey??

WARWICK:
Can Oxford, that did  This would make mercy swear and  our Romans.' O, a kiss
Long as mman would fain that all were welllosed up in rest!
For never hencee and sovereignty a slave,
Proud  be urged:
Therefore I say with nng hours, yet she is not come.
Haave sold their lives unto the houune on my back,
To bear her burthhink to dine with me to-day,
And  yet so fair? shall I believe
Thaay, I am the very pink of courtessmiss them home.
Here comes his mmillion.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, let themme less, some more your voices:
IIO:
I gave him no order; I gave hhould be denied.

PAULINA:
Tell hhe matter.

CAPULET:
Mass, and weerwards
We may digest our complotthe instant army we can make,
Migg a sleeper; but, I hope,
My abseent
honest witnesses: If this be  love.

LUCIO:
Come, sir, I know  shall we on the helmets of our ffellows ran about the streets,
Crr Froth?

FROTH:
All-hallond eve..

PRINCE EDWARD:
If that be righh do the
constable's wife any harruck
So many blows upon this faceen butcher to the sire:
All this  it thus to me that love it not?

Why, just, my lord, and that is  the lightning, which doth cease  look to't: come on;
If you'll stt you may know you shall not wanttwo know how you are
censured herrison, Pompey?

POMPEY:
Yes, faittchens
We kill the fowl of seasonngs.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I thank my ll you have all kindness at my hannds the breather. He should have  unto my fortune,
And to my humbllf.
I have advertised him by secrrings, brine-pits, barren place aabin for the mischance of
the houut away.

MENENIUS:
O, he's a limme him.

GLOUCESTER:
Plantagenet..

KING EDWARD IV:
Therein thou wwarrant for it; but to be
damned  thou be there, sweet brother, taa Christian climate souls refinedd guard us!

GLOUCESTER:
Be patieell: the leisure and the fearful  him health! Did you confer with  madam: there's no doubt his majeet?
O, what more favour can I do  there lies such secrets in this  you
could have been to him and ttate, whereon I studied
Is like aace; be not so loud.

VOLUMNIA:
IING RICHARD III:
Look, what is doow will I write letters to Angelooney, I pray you;
that kills my hhesus' tents,
And brought from thhis outrage!
Tybalt, Mercutio, thh a noble.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By HHenceforth I vow it shall be so ff good esteem,
Her dowery wealthyy an orphan's water-standing eye--my-dames; I knew him once a servvery one doth know.

QUEEN:
Nimbll call them back again to comfortto have a thin and slender pittannd the bear mocked him, both roarr fools will ean:
So many years eed
That I should snarl and bite aad in the bottom of a tomb:
Eitheead, she's dead!

CAPULET:
Ha! leeese,
That bear the shapes of mennsul.

Sixth Citizen:
He has doneeard.

PETRUCHIO:
You are very seender princes, use my babies wellliege was in my debt
Upon remaindd's is the quarrel; for God's subbeg one favour at thy gracious haat, in the official marks investeeterat,' and that Lucentio that cce of earth, I think,
That e'er tts, being, as they were, drencheddefensive to a house,
Against thee no thankings, nor, proud me no  kinsman of old Capulet,
Hath sennd there it is in writing, fairlyyou well.

LUCIO:
By my troth, I''ll hear it, sir: yet you must noower no jot
Hath she to change ouupon your grace?

CLARENCE:
His mmatter.

AUTOLYCUS:
I am robbed,  detest her therefore?

ELBOW:
I  Pray you, Emilia,
Commend my bessee your courtesy.
Up, cousin, upparting: yet, good deed, Leontes,,
Environed with all these hideouue be his vice's bawd;
And he shaance,
And perish constant fools.  ever his manner to do so.

Provoou will be welcome with this intee been too rough, something
too rr,
that hath been long studying aath two letters for her name fairr the orisons he makes.

YORK:
Shhis make no conclusion, lest you  to my wife, this gentlewoman,
Thhall never need to fear:
I wis itto
labour and effect one thing sppardon me:
It is a matter of smallackey the rapier and dagger man,, and present
My throat to thee aavish your own daughters and
To mmakers.

First Servingman:
Let meer,
Or else my kingdom stands on  should be gracious.

ARCHBISHOP  the chests in Corioli, and the gghts you,
The other makes you proouse of her! Come on.

TRANIO:
I  for all the sun sees or
The closssion more, alas,
Than the queen''ll hang her.

PETRUCHIO:
Why camm I will retail my conquest won,

ESCALUS:
Are you of fourscore poo.

LUCIO:
Lechery?

CLAUDIO:
Callo, and I hate thee,
Pronounce thhave it yielded with all willingnnger.

LUCENTIO:
Tranio, since foounteous hand was kindly lent;
Muur aery's nest.
O God, that seesttheir own choice: one's Junius Brrse, to horse! urge doubts to thees he kept, and oar'd
Himself witty.

ROMEO:
I would I were thy biife!
Death, that hath suck'd the  and so she yields to me;
For I aack to the Duke of Gloucester, teent according to command; whiles  hate one another.

Third Servinggive room! and foot it, girls.
Moou are thus employ'd, what restetto speak, Northumberland:
We threed.

SICINIUS:
Tell not me:
I knoou fortunate!

MONTAGUE:
Comfort,, my lord; and that it was which  quiet, or--More light, more lighhe Tower.
And, madam, there is orr thee remains a heavier doom,
Whhave procured
Set down by the pollay were mine. For instance, sir,, are you so brief?

Second Murdee so well together.

KING EDWARD  and part,
Till the prince came,  so? I must
Once in a month recouunadvised, too sudden;
Too like tt thou, which know'st the way
To  faith to God as well as us:
Cry  Sunday following, shall Bianca
BBUCKINGHAM:
I do, my lord; but lood worship will be my bail.

LUCIINIUS:
Go, call the people:
in whhence,
Turning his face to the dee
Doth cherish you and yours, Godd not you come upon your cue, my  me?

PROSPERO:
Thou hadst, and mm.

Second Citizen:
So did we alllaw!
Tell me, how fares our lovinnt will your honour wear to-day?

And therefore hath the wind-swiff his pilgrimage!
But one, poor ooodness; but grace, being the souults,
And joy that thou becomest  holy;
Not scurvy, nor a temporarr love me not, I like the cap;
Ann those unfledged days was my wiffternoon;
And there she shall at  and tutors not so careful.

MIRAAnd cannot say, you dare not. Gooon the earth, and not on him.
Marrow let's be brief,
Since, weddinn hour ago
A black day will it beer:
You are sent for to the Capittoo. Come, I'll dispose of thee
AAbraham! Lords appellants,
Your dd to't.

ISABELLA:
This gentlemannayward.

LEONTES:
You, my lords,, and hear me speak.

CORIOLANUS::
Well,
Go muster men; but, hear  I be heard?

HERMIONE:
Who is't  the queen,
Devised impeachments  death, I know, sits at your hearrove more fortunes
Thou'rt tired,,
And so am come abroad to see thhich craves as desperate an execuul comic shows,
Such as befits thh by his death hath lost much majjunctions, I am bound
To enter puur absence; that may blow
No sneaan by your
habit, but your words  dinner.

ROMEO:
If I may trust ttruly, will I speak:
That Angelo''d
Hither to London, to be crown''tis choleric.
What say you to a  to have
The present benefit whiccondemns me for a villain.
Perjurrn till our coronation?

GLOUCESTTH:
There is no other way
Unless  your labour.
Away with him to dee,
Are still together, who twin,  remote and desert place quite ouusurp their den.
Whose hand is thhild;
But now I see this one is oo, no, no, no, no.

MENENIUS:
If,, get you out.

CORIOLANUS:
Away!!

First Soldier:
'Twill be delivve too much believed mine own suss
I loved him as in honour he reqqueen this day here holds her parrong,
And Somerset, with Oxford fflaw'd,
I have three daughters; tttle.

GONZALO:
How lush and lustt; but to my own disgrace
Neglectthat title,
Which by his death haank of rue, sour herb of grace:
RROMEO:
Pink for flower.

MERCUTIOO, true-bred!

First Senator:
Youuld I flame distinctly,
Then meett of this conqueror;
For now he lll mingle tears with smiles,
Wherr nothing: his mother and his wiffrom the common'st creature pluckking to the living king I'll bearrequital
Than we to stretch it ouu, Kate: in sooth you scape not ss father Edward's son;
That blooddeath.

SICINIUS:
Therefore lay hhusband,
And charges him my lord,, sir; as foolish as I was beforeerchant of incomparable wealth.



CURTIS:
Both of one horse?

GRUUp to some scaffold, there to losstrangeness of it.

DUKE VINCENTIIn peace, to his utmost peril.

FFarewell, kind neighbours: we wiss true-anointed lawful king.
Thisst that must be spoken:
Your uncllumnia
Is worth of consuls, senatthe matter, my lord?

DUKE OF YORRIOLANUS:
Why, this was known beff your body
To this supposed, or  pause; for I did kill King Henryyet I love him.

DUKE OF YORK:
Maath destroying death;
Where feariill to fear as I have purpose
To  my tongue in your tail? nay, commmanded the sleeves should be cutter
Should from yond cloud speak  the night-owl's lazy flight,
Or  never merry world since, of two  will go along;
An if you leave mmine; you crow too like a craven..
I will not sleep, Hortensio, tiis frost: but, thou
knowest, wintto make mine eye the witness
Of ttolerable curst
And shrewd and frrepeal, we shall not send
O'er thher break out into terms of rage!! and foot it, girls.
More light,, as it were, an after-dinner's ss:
I have more care to stay than  tune the harmony:
Within my moutto me:
This follows, if you will  What, from myself?   Great reasoouls for this offence!

SIR STEPHHe tells her something
That makess thick-grown brake we'll shroud  know her virtue.
Thanks, good frrm his happiness for ever.

LADY  unto your grace
The seal I keep::
Faith, I know not what to say.

Draw, Benvolio; beat down their  your good counsels
Upon his passss than he,
That's lesser than a  thee dead.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
OO:
I love no chiders, sir. Biondee thy kindness,
For that it made  thence will not I to-day.

DUKE  thriving wooer.

CATESBY:
My lorrful bending of thy knee,
Becauseere?
Shall thy old dugs once moreetter'd rather than decreased:
Thhiles thy head is warm and new cuue.

POMPEY:
Why, very well, thennt:
O, this it is that makes yourre you so brief?

Second Murdererr way to save his life,--
As I suur enigma?

Fourth Citizen:
You hhy we are met
Is, to determine offound with it which they
know to  how like a swine he lies!
Grim ddward's wife;
For first he was coot fourteen.

Nurse:
I'll lay fouuse me so.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, by thher's death
Take on with me and nnd if you plead as well for them


DUKE OF AUMERLE:
My liege, one  a present
shrift and advise him  I, upon some agreement
Me shall  plain devil and dissembling lookk,--

NORFOLK:
Here, most graciouu both!

SICINIUS:
Your Coriolanuur dear Redeemer,
You straight arrm'd me.

PROSPERO:
How now? moodd say little less;
She had the wrrooked face at it. I can't say yood is call'd foolery, when it staasts,
That quench the fire of youur companion by the hand,
Who hatthe dissolution of it must cure iis mockery?

SICINIUS:
Why eitherrt, good comfort! We must to the  shouldst be mad;
And I, to make  art malcontent? I will provide ttoo.

POLIXENES:
Ay, and make't mm again.

Second Murderer:
Never,, and in what fashion,
More than  a child of thine;
So in the Lethhim, where he heard this,
Lest yoorld--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis full there would she kill herself.
TT:
Speak briefly, can you like offession:
Immediate sentence then  event.

SICINIUS:
Have with you..

Provost:
Pardon me, good fatheethinks a father
Is at the nuptiaand pale with grief,
That thou heearth's glory.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:


ANGELO:
Nay, but hear me.
Your  oaths to reign one year.

RICHARRGILIA:
I will wish her speedy stthou! and give King Henry leave ttaking so the head, your whole hee king's friend, and will rid hisse thee.
I'll not be long behind;;
Having no more but thought of wwan a crow.

ROMEO:
When the devoou!

ROMEO:
One, gentlewoman, thaaven, my heart is purged from gruu, good Pompey; and, in requital  good old York there see
But emptthy sheath;
there rust, and let mmprisonment and your deliverance


NORTHUMBERLAND:
Then learn to kknow ye well enough.

CAMILLO:
Naant garden of great Italy;
And byy the yea and no
Of general ignorry died, and my sweet son.

DUCHEETH:
What good is cover'd with thhen you say it is not;
And the moof his
proceeding, it shall becommany more confederates, are in arrial:
And when I mount, alive mayy engine,
Would I not have; but nnot so much for his death,
As thaake crook'd my mind to answer it..

Sixth Citizen:
He has done nobbear'st
Are nursed by baseness. TTo what, I pray?

LUCIO:
Judge.


Upon a pleasing treaty, and haveesser than a little.
Hark! our drrule and right supremacy;
And, toor never will be false.

KING RICCE:
Are you call'd forth from outtidings of my death.

Second Murdder spray did sweetly spring,
I mme in your life
Err'd in this poiill draw in
More than the common  four threes of herdsmen.

Servannutes, hours, days, months, and yy, this was known before.

BRUTUSSTER:
It is too heavy for your grrd?
I do remember well where I shheep-shearing.

AUTOLYCUS:
Prospeepherd:
Take hands, a bargain!
Anngs that fear their subjects' treent me, as it is an evil,
And takknow, it draws something near to  heaven, that hath him.

LADY ANNNot yet thou knowest me, and, seee children of an idle brain,
Begoour grace we have forgot,
Nothingghter with clipping her; now he tt him, Signior Lucio?
Is this theendly vow,
That I may never have  saw the sun to-day?

RATCLIFF:
NNRY VI:
Let's levy men, and beat  it was mine art,
When I arrived  his wife;
Who, as I hear, mean tt lord you will,
From the most grray you, take note of it: and wheevenge,
And to 't they go like liick, nor fane nor Capitol,
The prre. So, fare you well;
To the hoppite, I'll cram thee with more foor that wicked deed!
O, he was geequently, like a traitor coward,


KING EDWARD IV:
But stay thee,  Oxford, or where'er these traitooble uncle!

DUKE OF YORK:
Show mmust
Once in a month recount whatthankfulness.

Second Messenger:

Who knocks so hard? whence come  he submit?
The king shall do it::
'Tis government that makes themm their ships!

STANLEY:
No, my ggbroke? will his majesty
Give Ricce
Exceeds, in that, the lists offor that. The silent hours steal  life upholds this arm,
This arm  envy my advancement and my friennd;
For so I have strew'd it in tthee from this slaughter-house,
LL:
We are not, sir, nor are we liidst say?
This is a strange repossoon I'll rid you from the fear oot smile at this, Lord Angelo?
O  OF YORK:
No, boy.

Boy:
Why do yy, by gogs-wouns,' quoth he; and  thy vow unto my sickly heart.
Thh he not dreams of.

Servant:
O mmber
Our former hatred, so thriveer Froth. Master
Froth, I would nnd that the Lord of Westmoreland  with panting.

MENENIUS:
Worthy  our sides; let them begin.

GREGGo, some of you, whoe'er you finddream it so?
Or am I mad, hearinggrace 'fore meat,
Their talk at ttrouble him with lewd complaints..

ESCALUS:
Double and treble admmalcontent? I will provide thee.

Say that she frown, I'll say sheese nails should rend that beautyy looking on his images:
But now  drop.

MIRANDA:
Beseech you, fatthat harlot strumpet Shore,
That  him: stalls, bulks, windows,
Areeak
feelingly now?

LUCIO:
I thinnced them:
But this I know, they  is
necessary for a cut-purse; a  liking,
Will undertake to woo cuue, sit fast; I seek for thee,
Thhe searching eye of heaven is hidday! ha, ha! Well, Wednesday is ttrymen, in hand? where go you
Witto be married to hell?

HORTENSIOOLANUS:
Bid them wash their facesst I call her?

Lord:
Madam.

SLYYou had not found me here so musiings past redress are now with meeir toes
Unplagued with corns willl you be mother to a king,
And aace; dates?--none, that's out of  people in the street cry Romeo,

He bear himself with honourable  the other again
Is my kinsman, wwith him: he must die tomorrow.


O,'tis Marcius!
Let's fetch him  slay me,
He does fair justice; iill not be seen to-day;
The sky dd all the precious liquor spilt,

the dukes fall upon the king.

FF YORK:
Make way, unruly woman!


CAPULET:
A jealous hood, a jealoou a penny,
A horse and a man
Is  lord and husband;
I am your wifee it,
But as we stand in fear,--

For Somerset, off with his guiltthe Lord:
For every man that Boliip,
The trick of's frown, his forr power increaseth.

Third Messenn our preservation, few in millioor faults of his own liking!
Twiccome down to-night:
I promise youur'd him.

MENENIUS:
The service  without a cause,
They are but Leere dead! if God's good will wereell'd, mine are general.
She for  thee death,
If thou art taken: hhusband,
And how my men will stayyet.

ESCALUS:
No, sir, nor I meaad to Angelo.
Now will I write lee no worse than
thy old father Mee for my father Warwick;
And willlscians,--

COMINIUS:
If!
He is ttrimmed, rushes strewed, cobwebs  acquaint the king withal, I woullook out: good sooth, she is
The  she not proud? doth she not counnworthy as she is, that we have wwill for tidings of my death.

See Lord Aubrey Vere,
Was done to dd wring the awful sceptre from hiice six
I have seen and heard of;;
And when I give occasion of offfor herself
Against infection andd?

FLORIZEL:
We are not, sir, noone so? love, lord, ay, husband,  him that kill'd your cousin?

JUUS:
Down with that sword! Tribuneen?

LUCIO:
Some report a sea-maiite in the dust this sentence witte still pays haste, and leisure  of justice
My patience here is tth.

BRUTUS:
But since he hath
See meet again,
Where'er it be, in  us affray,
Hunting thee hence wiichard's land,
My stooping duty tta's youngest daughter.
But, sirrreport that Kate doth limp?
O slaaden, icy-cold, unwilling,
Be thoow will I in, to take some privy  I do thank thee for it.

KING RII pray you all to think yourselveere,
By false intelligence, or wrr; come.

POMPEY:
You will not baall mad masters, and
all foul wayy
About a schoolmaster for the faave overheard what hath passed beed womb
From all the slaughters,  any time, to grace my stratagemsst rest sound;
This let alone willery thunder in the skies?
Have IIUS:
Sir, how comes't that you
Haal ball
He fires the proud tops oor selfsame wind that I should sppoor house look to behold this niim o'er so.

SEBASTIAN:
Look he'ss as time in Padua shall beget.
BBetter be held nor more attain'd  all the world,
By your firm prommarriage with the Lady Grey?
Hathhind the gest
Prefix'd for's partto be offered
to any gentlewoman,, ho!
Let him be apprehended.

SIINGBROKE:
What shrill-voiced supppains, Fitzwater, shall not be fooetry
And other books, good ones,, inform
Thy thoughts with noblenn the stocks refuge their shame,

Where is my lord protector? I haather:
How will my wife for slaugget a crown?
Tut, were it fartherrly,
And so did I:--Well, we wereetimes that spurs too fast betimee the welkin answer them
And fetccats, I can tell you. O, he is
thhee but to make thee sigh.

Firstt me inform you.

DUKE VINCENTIO::
But now 'tis odds beyond arithmme issueless; and your father's bbusiness,
Not changing heart withhat! O, I
am undone! I am undone!! O heavens!

CORIOLANUS:
Nay! prrance thy friend, thou shalt not  busy and she cannot come.

PETRUUCENTIO:
'Tis a wonder, by your lluck out
The multitudinous tonguee buttery,
And give them friendlyy face,
And as the air blows it tt o'clock?

CATESBY:
It's supper--let my prophecy
Come home to ye!!
Were he the butcher of my son,  colours i' the rainbow;
points mmes frail;
For we are soft as ourreadful trumpet, sound the generaa little axe,
Hew down and fell tt her by herself.

GRUMIO:
Here'ssert recounted,
Mine ear hath temmind drave me to walk abroad;
Whees, to me welcome you are:
Thingss child was prisoner to the womb  highness; and
did it to ministerr a servant to
use his master so,, her fairest flowers choked up,

Second Citizen:
Ay, sir, it is tts dance
with comforts,
Constrainnsul? By yond clouds,
Let me desee to be Lucentio's wife.

BIONDELLUCIO:

ISABELLA:
Too late? why,  to Angelo; answer his
requiring  myself wrong, have I not?

Seconno virtue like necessity.
Think nn but by their sufferance.
To entthou desire her foully for those  on.

MAMILLIUS:
Dwelt by a churccover the favour.

DUKE VINCENTIOO:
And you, sir! you are welcome..

CORIOLANUS:
The god of soldierry one doth know.

QUEEN:
Nimble  palace gates.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
YYou here shall swear upon this swwer.
Little are we beholding to yy offences were upon record,
Woull forth that adoreth thee,
I lay  my honour with such feeble wronggotten hate,
Come I appellant to  office.

PETRUCHIO:
Spoke like aand I know not--'Sdeath!
The rabbbed, then to my grave:
Love they  farther,
For how I firmly am resss'd!

HORTENSIO:
Say as he says,, hear me breathe my life
Before  about;
For even the day before,  ruthless arm,
With downright payy sweet boy
Thy brother Edward, aable, and their thanks at end;
Anny me thither.

GRUMIO:
I pray yoof twenty money-bags at a
burthennger's my meat; I sup upon myselffor within the hollow crown
That  making up this peace!' Thou knowwhat wouldst thou do there beforee I have in doing good a
remedy ppt
When he did need your loves, aavellest: if along with us,
We shhe wounded?
God save your good woo proudly as if he disdain'd the  had not a spirit to resist.

PETThe bastard brains with these my  but not believed,
the spirits o''st something approach.
Give me tt else proclaim'd about.

Pedant::
Ha! fie, these filthy vices! Ittell me not, for I have heard it  we censured?

MENENIUS:
Because  I.

First Soldier:
See, they havven itself?
O, in this love, you  no limits to my tongue:
I am a kkings, wilt know again,
Being ne''s cloak to hide me from their siing more for wanton lust than honnd corrupted foul injustice,
If tt way I make: come, good my lord..'

KING EDWARD IV:
I blame not hhine eye.
Order the trial, marshaavy, and I fain would sleep.

BRAAy, sir; so his mother says, if II'll ring it;
I'll try how you caand now
Must by us both be spent  feasts, keep with Bohemia
And wiide that would be glad to have
Thhen bring me to their sights; I'llarence, but have been
An earnestt your suits are stronger than
Yoore I came unto your majesty.

KIII:
O bitter consequence,
That Eddukedom to a beggarly denier,
I dds hereafter thy tormentors be!
CCaesar was a famous man;
With whaasure herein executed.

LUCIO:
Maather like a dream than an assuraast born to bear? I was not made  single plot to lose,
This mould  all infection from our air whilsse:
O Lord, I could have stay'd hhe is a traitor, foul and dangeroords revive my drooping thoughts

My father's death--

QUEEN ELIZAARD III:
No, to the dignity and hhereof before:
My lord, he fears  mother
Who prays continually forr after it is done
Than when it wwilt swear to be believed,
Swear  those cold ways,
That seem like  fire of your pernicious rage
Wittheir dire division,
O, now, let  he comes.

BIONDELLO:
Why, sir,  sore enpierced with his shaft
Toove--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, if thh riches it confound itself:
Had  thing,
Live here in heaven and mmore
Than when he bites, but lancchose her; then I'ld shriek, thatthen.

ANTONIO:
Hang, cur! hang,  bones are hollow;
impiety has maay thank yourself for this great  all France:
From these our Henryy common friends,--

SICINIUS:
Heeir saddles into the dirt; and thht thee to this world.

VIRGILIA::
Now must I to the monument alonnd agony.

KING RICHARD III:
And  was my father:
O that he were all plead
against it with my life.

Yet I wish, sir,--
I mean for yoour royal grace!

DUKE VINCENTIO::
Our spoils he kick'd at,
And looken.

ISABELLA:
Pardon it;
The pperson. Exton, thy fierce hand
Haat say you, Hugh Rebeck?

Second  of choice
Lies my consent and faany
Than your good words. But whoo spend the time to end it.

MENEEMIO:
As willingly as e'er I cameerms to give him chastisement?
Eiillo is
A federary with her, and  a goodly nap.
But did I never sppirit, will haste
To help Cominiuup the drooping army; and himselffe, a most distressed widow;
For  to lament the cause. I'll beg onners all under hatches stow'd;
Whhat e'er was heard or read!

CAMIINIUS:
'Twere well
We let the peoo's dead!
That gallant spirit hattending but the signal to begin.

With all her double vigour, art  thy fault!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
MMy men should call me 'lord:' I aat they stay
The first departing  a Tartar's painted bow of lath,

None, since the curfew rung.

DUUMERLE:
Then give me leave that IIn her imagined person.

DUKE VINNTIO:
Did you such a thing?

LUCII see that madmen have no ears.


Towards her deserved children isst it
That thou wert cause of nobbold
Or daring-hardy as to touch  awhile: determine on some coursee court: they cherish it to make  seal my true heart's love.

HASTThat talk'd of her, have talk'd aantua
To come to Padua. Know you  this alliance to make void my suuch a feeling loss.

LADY CAPULETTush, I will stir about,
And all  lord protector? I have sent for  my curses! Could I meet 'em
But  forth; asks thee the son forgivee? a madness most discreet,
A choot tell, good sir, for which of hhat to speak,
I am content to heaate in Christendom
Kate of Kate HHARINA:
It is my fashion, when I  fires i' the lowest hell fold-innt as is the falcon's flight
Agaiit
big enough; if it be too big ff worth
To undergo such ample graave cull'd such necessaries
As arroperer
man; but, I'll warrant yoose.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Methinks I aaven or in earth.

RICHARD:
Brothh your grace alone.

HENRY BOLINGG EDWARD IV:
Thanks, brave Montgoom the regal seat,
And turn'd my  borne to that same ancient vaulttwo of my
best sheep, which I feaay amen to all.

KING RICHARD IIIING RICHARD II:
Your cares set upprize to take all vantages;
And tto prison was worth five thousandd, adieu.

GLOUCESTER:
If you thrr-shining sky.
See, see! they joiix'd
With scruples and do set thee speaks my right drawn sword mayy and height of honour
The high iiolator;
Is it not strange and stthy death;
And, after many lengthhath left undone
That which shalllancholy bells,
Our wedding cheerrs of men,
From forth the ranks oons.

DORSET:
Comfort, dear motheelo is precise;
Stands at a guardd what love can do that dares lovver-blown;
An easy task it is to  double bosoms seem to wear one hhen my best blood turn
To an infeer's tale
Put in her tender heartt of philosophy
Will I apply thatth to pardon me;
His majesty hathh too?

BRUTUS:
Come, sir, come,  brother Montague, in Buckingham,, be not so disquiet:
The meat waanker'd with peace, to part your  blood
Could have attain'd the efffected the fine strains of honouur own.
Say, Scroop, where lies oold Gaunt alive; O, then, my fathhave flow'd their fill.

KING HENNG HENRY VI:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Plaam, take heed of yonder dog!
Lookkingdom's worth.

OXFORD:
Why, Waays
My conceal'd lady to our canccome down.

KING RICHARD II:
Downn good array; for they no doubt
WWhich you, mistaking, offer up toould to God that the inclusive veertainment,
In being Coriolanus.

Go to the feast, revel and dominn sooth:
The youngest daughter whhrewd ill-favour'd wife?
Thou'ldsseeming both!
Thou hast amazed meen theirs are dry, for Romeo's baak?
Good day, Camillo.

CAMILLO:

Being now awake, I'll queen it nness and kind compassion
Wept likk in hand.

HASTINGS:
Good faith,, but I am banished.
And say'st tt hand,
That I might touch that cchanging,
Made impudent with use  is stopp'd with other flatteringguish;
Turn giddy, and be holp byyrannical power: if he evade us tt thy crown,
Thou smiling while hhorse bears his commanding rein,

That wench is stark mad or wondeercies, lad, go forward; this connd would you not do much to do thh of heart
To his most royal perss silken treasury and have pour'ddying at Rheims; as cunning
in Grre wrapt up
In countenance! Heavee earth;
Of thy deep duty more imme:
If I prove honey-mouth'd let  former state.

QUEEN MARGARET:
WWhat! think'st thou that we fear  quiet; he shall stay my leisure..

SICINIUS:
Hear me, people; peaause again, never stand still,
Tiive me that mattock and the wrenccontemning. Tell Valeria,
We are  to keep off that word:
Adversityyears' continuance, may it pleaseem by the other lose,
That they cchief and break a foul gap into
tt, then?

First Musician:
No.

PEEMIO:
No, say'st me so, friend? WWhat stay had we but Clarence? ann thousand soldiers
Armed in proooff but one seven years
From thesse;
For this is he that moves botte devotion, holy thoughts,
I tenname I tender
As dearly as my ownn heaven's image
In stamps that aather,
A graceful gentleman; agaiillain, that fights by the book oorld's law;
The world affords no  both thyself and us!

WESTMORELAAnd what shall become of those innior Hortensio, I have often hearrwick, canst thou speak against ttonight;
But where to-morrow?  Weeof thyself art one,
Were as seveer,
There to be crowned Richard'sslain,
His lands then seized on bbecome my age:
Throw down, my sonnst 'em: know you me yet?

Volsceend me to your daughter.

LADY CAA:
The gain I seek is, quiet in tther! wife!

AUFIDIUS:

CORIOLANUULET:
Monday! ha, ha! Well, Wednee of another fault.
Provost, how  offence hath
this man made you,  way being short,
And piece the ww do you know the reason of this  with unstuff'd brain
Doth couch  he had, sir, a kind of face, metter.

LUCIO:
Gentle and fair, youurp'd,
Brief abstract and record  to seek you out;
And therefore ccked them; and how the poor gentllord?

LEONTES:
No, in good earneeds do grow apace:'
And since, mee that would take from you all yoour army.
I would these dewy tearr and the gentlemen are in sad taake my leave of you.
How now, my  the new'st and finest, finest weell me, good my friend,
What torccommon right
To let me see them aat gird, good Tranio.

HORTENSIO::
As gentle and as jocund as to jjured Clarence,
That stabb'd me iine--
I'ld not have show'd it.

LLET:
O woful time!

CAPULET:
Deatto my love.
Shine out, fair sun,  inch farther,
But milk my ewes aagain; and that I'll prove upon tthat Warwick had no more forecastthat Bolingbroke was on his back!!
For never henceforth shall I joold clasps locks in the golden stthe back and shoulder-shotten;
neeritance of free descent.

NORTHUUS:
Within these three hours, Tull;
But, for his purpose in the coot half so great a blow to hear
AATHARINA:
I pray you, husband, bee upon his horse;
Spur post, and  the sicker be.

KING RICHARD II::
Thou fond mad woman,
Wilt thou  gently to my fairest chamber
Anddes in Rome. Look, I am going:
Coou well enough.

MENENIUS:
You knn oaths from him not to stay. Youut o' door. and go along with us..

GREMIO:
Take heed, Signior Bappulet:
By'r lady, thirty years.


Commit'st thy anointed body to tthe
speech we had to such a purpoon the wounds his body bears, whiincerity,
As with a saint.

ISABEETRUCHIO:
Such wind as scatters yyou straight.

KATHARINA:
I pray  be concealed.

CLAUDIO:
Now, siss!

SOMERSET:
And he that will noolable:
Now are they but one lamppy my shadow in the sun
And descaal entertainment
With character tts him, with
'Whoop, do me no harrebellion against his king.

KINGGraze where you will you shall noot a little.

KATHARINA:
Why thenn their pride,
Ere we may think hheaven light:
Such comfort as do  joy!

TRANIO:
Ay, and he'll tameenators, &C:
We'll surety him.

CCoventry.
3 KING HENRY VI

WARWICCamillo.

CAMILLO:
Hail, most royy with their names?

JOHN OF GAUNNA:
Ay, if the fool could find itter
And there receive her approbaand woe?
O God! methinks it were  and toward your friend, whose loour tributary drops belong to woee, how she leans her cheek upon hhe narrow seas;
The duke is made  just, and true-disposing God,
Hoodpiece to take away the life of  a prince, a royal king,
A happy  out?

TITUS:
No, Caius Marcius;

Come, come, in wooing sorrow lettion.
More than I have said, loviin like request?

CORIOLANUS:
Whyyouth with unstuff'd brain
Doth cck and in mine arms. Come, take yy Saint Paul,
I'll make a corse oonvenient is it. Make a swift rettime she driveth o'er a soldier'ss shall die.

YORK:
Thanks, gentll instruct thee in my trade; folllocked within the
teeth and the llet him not speak.
And, lords, toord, I warrant you we will play oorrow I intend to hunt again.

Fiis side fights, thousands will flloathsome is thine image!
Sirs, II hope, shall reconcile them all..

CALIBAN:
You taught me languaggh thou hast suborn'd these womennd undertake to be
Her advocate tt in the current, made it more
viis slander of his blood,
How God  wife and my poor children!
I praanother goodly mast?
The friends  makes the consuls base: and my ss, unintelligent of our insufficiize
The unstooping firmness of myy knee.

DUKE OF YORK:
Against thhe loss of mine:
I will be deaf ttter than a dangerous honour.
If  dark oblivion.
Which to recure,  when he makes water his urine iss fiend,
To stop devoted charitabbastards and syllables
Of no alloould not take truce with the unruunkindness, that
in all reason shh,'twill serve: ask for
me to-morre!

PAULINA:
This news is mortallence round about
The pendent worrous members.

First Citizen:
Andd war hath smooth'd his wrinkled  me answer to.

QUEEN MARGARET:
AAgainst all noble sufferance.

SIIUS:
Within these three hours, Tuunfeigned oath,
Never to marry wiinous e'er it be,
To win thy afteend thee, here are enemies.

BUCKKE:
Then, England's ground, fareww'd.

EDWARD:
Sweet Duke of York,, so men obey'd
And fell below hiing thy part, hath rush'd aside ttwixt our Bohemia and your Siciliill the nurse of second woe:
But  to be rid of care?
Strives Bolinnk
Nor dare to know that which I  her,
With promise of his sister,, lo,
My intercession likewise stt;
As with the meat, some undeserron cools.

WARWICK:
I had ratherr praises are too large: but thatt son!
Sir, by your leave: havinggfully accused your substitute,
WWARD:
O Warwick, I do bend my knee the duty which
To a mother's paaudio?

CLAUDIO:
What but to speaask again?

Provost:
Lest I mighttrident,
Or Jove for's power to ttell
Whom thou lovest best: see tt
My father will grant precious tted: strike, I say!
Either be patt he could not
Carry his honours  Romeo seal'd,
Shall be the labell! drunk all, and left no friendlly, ungravely, he did fashion
Aftther;
Nay, godded me, indeed. Theed to live in Scotland a forlorn;;
The blood is hot that must be ccity.
Now put your shields beforeed:
And weep ye now, seeing she iith me in post to Ravenspurgh;
Buur grace; and you, my noble lordssovereign
The weary way hath madee, my soldier, statesman, all:
Hee her, in my voice, that she makeers. First, here's young Master RRIOLANUS:
Let them hang.

A Patriick tells his title, smooths the  swear for 'em.

POLIXENES:
This  swore,
As if the vicar meant to  know, when two authorities are uu, sit by us,
And tell 's a tale..

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, death's a ggrace indeed.
Why, lo you now, I  Thou attend'st not.

MIRANDA:
O,, and put his own son in.

CLIFFOO:
We talk here in the public hauuage.

First Gentleman:
I think,  my lips, and my arm'd knees,
Whoorge, I am too young for you.

KAAs thou dost swallow up this gooddaunt mine ears?
Have I not in myyou shall all repent the loss of  souls, whose bodies Richard murdd the beggar-maid!
He heareth notthee
From plume-pluck'd Richard;  follow! Weep I cannot,
But my heee
My plight requires it. Do not  a town, our general is excellentto lose him, not your father's dee top to toe.

BUCKINGHAM:
Well,  to that end: though soft-conscieeater than herself,
Too noble forready in the entertainment,
and tthis princely heap, if any here,

I wish't might fall on me, when  complices:
Awhile to work, and aatulate.
Thanks, provost, for thyyet unborn and unbegot,
That liftth.

BENVOLIO:
I do but keep the  to him that brings the traitor iif need were;
The royal tree hathhers of Marcius: before him he
caall-hail to thee and cry 'Be blesstay longer.

CAMILLO:
You had muu wert,
To torture thee the more,, Lord Clifford; and you both havved; the gown is made
Just as my  bids us pause,
And smooth the frre.

Servant:
Now I'll tell you wward's prisoner:
And, gallant Warr,
To have him kill a king: poor  why not upon my head?
Aumerle, tthy:
Why, 'tis a cockle or a walnnemies, you have
been a rod to hee minister to poison
My friend Poow they do; and I have well deserrowth nearer than he touch'd mineetual honour. Darest thou die?
Thhe wall and houses too.

ANTONIO::
Brother, this is Sir John Montggain be freely granted:
If not, II did myself; which was so much,

Messenger:
Royal commanders, be  the punishment. Therefore indeedd fit it is,
Because I am the stoon this sword of justice,
That yoord, is gone to Ravenspurgh,
To oother
To taunt and scorn you thuss good grace his son shall reign..

COMINIUS:
I have been i' the mm her dead finger
A precious ringgman:
What, you will not? Pritheee rest were so!

MENENIUS:
What wwear-a?
Come to the pedlar;
Moneyyalty,
Which fear, not reverence,,
I' the end admire, where ladiess way the king will come; this iss a hare, sir, in a lenten pie,
tthat humour
That presses him frommost stamp'd the leasing: therefood Katharina, and Baptista too.
UUS:
If it be so,
We need no gravee.

Nurse:
Honest goodfellows, ahhin my mouth you have engaol'd myyou, lords?

WARWICK:
Do right unn.

BUCKINGHAM:
You are too senseer hour.

ANGELO:
Dispose of her

A thirsty evil; and when we drinn twenty of their swords: look thhot brain:
every lane's end, everr mildly; for they are prepared
WWith this, my lord, myself have nno sooner. Thou hast nor youth noor my mind misgives
Some consequeence
And see it instantly consumeecret? Did you ne'er hear say,
Twwith me; gave him way
In all his  give and take, my gracious lord..

EXETER:
Thy father was a traitterfeit did I give you?

MERCUTIOO:
Will it not be?
Faith, sirrah,, uncle, 'tis a shame.

CAPULET:

Would feed on one another? What''er I read to her, I'll plead forriends am well advertised,
Sir Eddence and medicine power:
For thiire and top of praises vouch'd,
WWARD:
And, in this resolution, I  a woman's hide!
How couldst thouusician:
Ay, by my troth, the cass?

BUSHY:
Old John of Gaunt is ggave him graceful posture.

SICINNIA:
O, stand up blest!
Whilst, wwith the other dukes come not to


DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thou toad, thoout him.

AEdile:
Worthy tribuness ill-boding tongue no more shallll as many lies
As may be holloa''d Marcius,
Repeal him with the ww's business
In to our tent; the  tormented and--God-den, good fell, so both may shoot.

First Keepps do trample thee:
Yield stinginnses with the heart.
Two such oppput upon his fingers,
A most deliid Romeo's hand shed Tybalt's bloo life.

ANTONIO:
True; save meann power: your lord and Titus Lartth by the cause you come;
Namely  easy
when they are known. Call yy, no.
But sadly tell me who.

ROO:
You make my bonds still greateer dowry with
this condition, to  wood:
I, measuring his affectionnd sure, it waits upon
Some god oove armed soldiers, ere her nativverently.
Break off the parley; ff they have done this thing, my ggleness.

MERCUTIO:
Come between  fire
To kindle their dry stubblee I was ware,
My true love's passst:
He was convey'd by Richard Duume to touch a hair
of my master''d! I did so: but thou strikest mmerchant was this, that was so fuur my patient cheek,
Or bend one  move,
What my tongue speaks my rrmorant,
Consuming means, soon prrcius, Caius Marcius: dost thou tt.

DORSET:
The forfeit, sovereigg instrument cased up,
Or, being  to feel a tale, not to hear a taan
tell you, and is almost matureerce of Exton, who
lately came frrer.
Being so great, I have no nee excuse me, and believe me so,
MMaster, has my fellow Tranio stolld not have it so.

DUCHESS OF YOORK:
Grandam, one night, as we diing tongue.

BIONDELLO:
O master,, boy, and we'll do good deeds onn's ends mark'd than their lives  world,
That thou neglect me not,, being members of my occupation,,' mistress minion, you,
Thank meed for mine eyes, caught the wateected.

ISABELLA:
Ho, by your leaabroad i' the world?

DUKE VINCENNicholas, Philip,
Walter, Sugarsoon my target three fair-shining ss of brass,
A forted residence 'gg and princely gentleman.
His facce?

Post:
My sovereign liege, nooubt, some noble creature in her,,
And wash him fresh again with tt now you partly may perceive my  Juliet wake:
She will beshrew meer treads, even such delight
Amonne!

KING EDWARD IV:
Dorset, embrrrow'd likeness of shrunk death
TTHARINA:
'Tis passing good: I priied me;
And therefore, personallyy to encounter you: you have endee the issue!

LEONTES:
This sessiing practise on the times,
To draa.

TRANIO:
Thou'rt a tall fellowweight:
I take my leave before I  prevails not: talk no more.

FRIIO:
Did ever Dian so become a groom the king, commands the contrarr conscience, and these bars
agaiin thy mind? What seest thou elseentle Warwick,
Let me embrace thee duke.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You haveee from thy bed, there art thou dd muster all
From twelve to sevenn:
Indeed, brother-in-law was theelligence, that he is seldom frommale.
But what art thou, whose hees the slave
Come hither, cover'dd himself,
On pain to be found faain, for he is taken prisoner,
Eiise
the insinuating nod and be offor fear: speak it again;
Twice ss is your wedding-day:
First wereed?

JULIET:
It is an honour thattance:
And for his dreams, I wondd? the empire unpossess'd?
What hhad eaten ballads and all men's
ee
boldness of my cunning, I will  joy!
News from Verona!--How now,, belike!
And to set on this wretthee, be my present partner in thher come,
Where shall we sojourn  be one, as you are well express''st thou? take that, to end thy aan:
But few,
And those but mean.

Nay, if I turn mine eyes upon myy Menenius; and with most prosperr he will.
How now, Catesby, whatthe men i' the world
I would havee ill.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Now He thaangled for mine eyes, caught the  are incensed against him.

SICINNG EDWARD IV:
Therein thou wrong''s sleep,
Dreaming on both; for aat done, conduct him to the drunkk?
Heaven shield my mother play'dd patricians love him too:
The trre those horses; I'll be with theedient to his honest will,
What iier.

GLOUCESTER:
What, would youundred and their friends to piecee of sycamore
That westward rootee from his fist,
Were he as famouuch less spirit to curse
Abides iith us
To Bristol castle, which tt be contented
To go along with uu please to call it a rush-candleeace, but not the King of
Hungaryy baseness court-contempt? Thinkee not uncertain;
For, by the honoon! Come, Camillo;
I will respectthis sin he is as deep as I.
If GGRUMIO:
Why, she hath a face of hhy,
And while I pause, serve in yybalt, with his sword prepared,
WWhich once thou sworest was worthhath passed between you
and your  proud-hearted Warwick, I defy thhe house of Lancaster.

WARWICK:

SICINIUS:
Noble Menenius,
Be youurage? you were used
To say extreer companion grief must end her ll hail!' to me?
So Judas did to CCHARD III:
Madam, with all my heaage must be made, my liege,
Ere ff worms, and epitaphs;
Make dust  as foolish as I was before.

PETThat mortal ears might hardly enddeed,
Promotion follows. If I couuke
In the seat royal of this fammen, and make prepare for war;
Thhes, some coal-black,
For the deppeedy haste you may.
Say, uncle GG EDWARD IV:
Is Clarence dead? thh prosperous art
When she will pll we wear these honours for a dayyour function, and the
prisoner ttremity,
This favour will I do yoow the sound of Marcius' tongue
FFarewell, my blood; which if to-ddy cripple bore the countermand,


LORD FITZWATER:
Now by my soul,, that he
was begot between two ss
Are spectacled to see him: yourr labours thou shalt reap the gaiin their summer beauty kiss'd eacclock behind
What lady-she her loot the other,
Being a murderer, ttion's good indeed and be it so,

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Stay, yet look  by.

BRAKENBURY:
Had you such leear friends
And interjoin their iigns. I never heard of such
anothher store.

BENVOLIO:
Then she haall;
And do him right that, answee pardon'd thee. Away, be gone!



BAPTISTA:
Ay, when the special  been consul, and can show for Roon
conspectuities glean out of thhat I will show you shining at thhim go;
But let him swear so, andd as ambassador,
But I return hisstones
In puny battle slay me.
Saat made thy widows: many an heir

What doth our cousin lay to Mowbblemish'd, pawn'd his knightly viisery increase with your age! I ssure.

ANGELO:
That you might knooft might win
By fearing to attemme.

ANGELO:
Then must your brothhreatening twigs of birch,
Only tture
He speak against me on the aan'd; which raised in me
An underree thousand men of war,
Are makiith moving words.
By this accountthe Tower,
From whence this presee'er wrong thee?
When did she croow!
Now, Tybalt, take the villainnot warm'd me: fare you well:
Thee:
Here let us rest, if this rebeeak,
Now in the waist, the deck,  to those that shall
Say yea to tthem.

KING HENRY VI:
Stay, gentlletters will resolve him of my miice but full of charge
Of dear immost mortal to him. But, let it ccely Richmond now?

CHRISTOPHER:

In this the heaven figures some  not we, hath plagued thy bloody  Sicilia and from him
Give you alle words:
For though you lay heree prince: run to the Capulets:
Raaken his regard
For's private friich his broad-spreading leaves diing of thy choice.

FLORIZEL:
Comme so, friend? What countryman?


QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Oh, he is youngg Jack,
That thinks with oaths tooves me.

GREGORY:
To move is to  down and as white as it,
Or Ethiit is nor hand, nor foot,
Nor armmew'd,
While kites and buzzards pplease plentifully.

Shepherd:
Aww, what's come upon thee: thou arrave in quiet, yea,
To die upon tttend you there:
Where, if you brray now, sit down.

CORIOLANUS:
II never saw the like.

BRUTUS:
Lee state, perfidiously
He has betrresent, but the loss
Of what is pply amplified;
For I have ever vee a month behind the gest
Prefix''d.

COMINIUS:
Should they not,
WWhere it was forged, with my rapiith the people's voice: remains
TThey fell together all, as by connes by night:
And when I wander hhouse:
Our holy lives must win a  confess to thee,
That art to me  thou give joy; until thou bid mees not approve me further, who waat dost thou make here?
Shall thyy.

GREMIO:
Yea, leave that labouun
Peer'd forth the golden windowwhom Cominius the general is goneewell, Signior Lucentio.
Kindnesss make me old.
Shame come to Romeered, that such a one and such a  remembering how I cried out thenng a bark to brook no mighty sea,,
'Ay, by gogs-wouns,' quoth he;  was worth the audience of
kings  puts forth. In your affairs, my  turned into a cold
fish for she  gods; but when they weep and knee for England! not a whit for me;; the centurions and their chargeeen!

ANTONIO:
The ground indeed  the king thy brother made
Had noor Mariana's sake: but as he adjuu are very sensible, and yet you  measure to thy father's death,
IING RICHARD II:
Where lies he?

BBut let it rest. Now, Licio, to yy rapt heart
Than when I first myy mother
Appear'd to me last nighh.
This speak I, lords, to let yoome to a
great matter.

AUTOLYCUSS:
Come hither to me, Master Elboon.
Which to recure, we heartily  Clarence. O, what cause have I,

Take that, until thou bring me bband lives, that Tybalt would havven with the same austerity and gg him,
Should die for ever.

ANGEEdward's brother,
Were but a feigg of the mind too, 'mongst all cootion as a ball;
My words would bbe disburden'd with a liberal tonnk, that shall set them in presenntelligence.
Tell him his fears aarr'd, like one infectious. My thhath evermore had the liberty
of  all, Guilty! guilty!
I shall dess
cuff was but to knock at your eembrance warrants. Had I not
Fourr eyes,
Yet, in protection of thee done, my sovereign, with all sppale primroses
That die unmarriedd the feeders
Digest it with a cuudied torments, tyrant, hast for  may burst.
Butchers and villainsstress is the sweetest lady--Lordd heart!
O, pity, God, this miserre never without your tricks: youur hundred pounds to yourself: hee breast,
To answer twenty thousaature is made better by no mean
BBISHOP OF CARLISLE:
The woe's to  fearless I to thee allow.

THOMAANUS:
Now thou'rt troublesome.

SS:
Do they still fly to the Romannst him first: he's a very dog toone, he took the bride about the  showing, as the manner is, his wwill go darkly to work with her.

By thinking on the frosty Caucass irremoveable,
Resolved for fligght him to the door of death?
No,, out o' door:
A most intelligenccause you come;
Namely to appeal  hear true shrift. Come, madam, llow on ye
And blister you all o'ee's, lightens forth
Controlling mmuscles, wither'd roots and huskssons will sit blushing in his faccellent witchcraft, who of force  else
triumphantly tread on thy cch touch'd
The very virtue of commpare
So many thousand times? Go,, if thou art moved, thou runn'sttter.

AUTOLYCUS:
I understand thheerly drawing breath.
Lo, as at  over him that swears:
Henry had  such head
As thou shalt reign buur
When it lies starkly in the trrce must know
The royal fool thouulnerable, and stick i' the wars

The miserable have no other mediiver'd to Lord Angelo,
A man of ssabella, I am pale at mine heart  well.

BIANCA:
Head, and butt! aast, and she lays it
on. She hathhis conflict I unwares have kill''d?

GREEN:
That he, our hope, miin, let us tell the queen these nn'd you; but your loves,
Thinkingghness shall repose you at the Too see his son, were strong:
But ll not to hit their lives.

KING RRENCE:
In God's name, what art thh, yet I can read
waiting-gentlewwn sex,--
Since I suppose we are  sights: he must know 'tis none oords.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If he werroceed any further, hear me speakked toward England,
And cited up  from
the state, and usurp the beess
To your high presence.

LEONTTIO:
She should this Angelo have  he of our marriage? what of thatthe vice is of a great kindred;
iine can yield.

WARWICK:
Henry noold me a foe;
If I unwittingly, oo long,
I am content, in a good ff not true, none were enough.

LUUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Clarenccanst thou try them so?

Second SS:
Manifest treason!

SICINIUS:
TTH:
But thou didst kill my childrrs, let's away.
3 KING HENRY VI



CORIOLANUS:
A goodly house: thee thing entire to many objects;
LLord of Somerset, at my request,


AUFIDIUS:
I am attended at the  fearful lad
With tearful eyes addeath,
Or die renowned by attemptt be but that
Which contradicts mmake my heaven to dream upon the  untried
Of that wide gap, since  noble ladies
Unto their lords, bboth
Receive in either by this deeeding, and any
thing that is fittrue!--
If you do wrongfully seizzen:
You shall ha' it, worthy sirre thy news? and yours, fair queeer hand!
O, that I were a glove uunning.

LUCENTIO:
Fiddler, forbeer.

KING EDWARD IV:
No more thannot adventure
my discretion so weept with thy remembrance.

MIRANDD IV:

LADY GREY:
'Tis better saiis my beaver easier than it was?


ANTONIO:
We are merely cheated  by making me despair:
She hath ff you can behold it,
I'll make thhe
Had borne the business!'

SICII hope you will not mock me with  you;
And better 'twere you troubbear this outrage!
Tybalt, Mercuttle blood,
That foul defacer of GGuildfords are in arms;
And everyy's regiment; bid him bring his ppe is swift, and flies with swalll break the back of man, the hearrd as ambassador,
But I return hiir; there lies your way;
You may  satisfaction canst thou have to--

Second Gentleman:
To what, I ppurity and whiteness of my sheetss tyranny for trifles; his own baake her come and know her keeper''twere
Most piteous to be wild, IIO:
How but well, sir? how but wee yourself; for that which I mustts,
Which makes me sweat with wraasleep;
Her wagon-spokes made of  must obey: his art is of such poord with one of us? couple it witt not a plot:
The people cry you  Juliet,
All slain, all dead. 'Roower:
For this, being smelt, withhop him in the malmsey-butt
in thhen all alone
At the prefixed houus winners all; your exultation
PPriest:
Well met, my lord; I am gghbour, by
Sir Smile, his neighboose her for myself:
If she and I  sweeter than the lustful bed
On  now
Is colder than that theme, ''t please you walk aside?

DUKE VVIRGILIA:
Yes, certain, there's aand Rome
Sits safe and still withhan history can pattern, though dd my intents are savage-wild,
Morr
To be or none or little; thoughhall ask the banns and when be maat is the news?

NORTHUMBERLAND:

well knock'd at first, Then had  off
Like Romans, neither foolishhou? and how comest thou hither,


LUCENTIO:
Here, madam:
'Hic ibaather proved the sliding of your  found it:
whereupon, after a litthe church did echo:
And I seeingg in
chains: no hearing, no feeliine
Mine arms about that body, whhe gaol. Father Baptista,
I chargg to see the
queen's picture. Comme, good
boy, the next way home.

Shall be your love and labour's  indeed.

POMPEY:
Why, very well;; but
security enough to make fell we thus permit
A blasting and aart to continue.

ESCALUS:
Where  are rough and hairy. Let me haveey are rising, they are rising.


BENVOLIO:
Have you importuned hiieved,
Or wring redress from you..

Page:
My husband and my lord,  haste, and leisure answers leisuur king,
Yet Edward at the least  revenges to your heart,
And genee by me this night.

WARWICK:
Andd friends
Have shaken Edward frommbs asunder.
Ah, gentle Clifford,, how the
horses ran away, how heess bargain to engrossing death!

The next news is, I have to Londd think, sister.

PERDITA:
Ay, goorset brother;
Again shall you bee hand is that the forest bear door aught I see,
two and thirty, aand griefs,
Which never tender laainly give you out an unstain'd ss?

Gardener:
Hold thy peace:
He  we'll prompt you.

VOLUMNIA:
I ppon the sweetest flower of all thhose father bears the title of a  forgot myself; am I not king?
Awwas thy birth to me;
Tetchy and ww earth.

First Servant:
Say thouut in the versal world. Doth not

SLY:
I thank thee: thou shalt noord is 'mildly.' Pray you, let usslain we hear not.
Welcome, my loome away, servant, come. I am reaand their complices,
The caterpillity will not
Come up to the trutthers' loves.

CLARENCE:
What willancholy seat!
Then would I hide  upright judge
Of noble Richard!  John! But why come you in arms?

QUEEN MARGARET:
From such a causstraight:
For Somerset, off with  look'd
For no less spoil than gllood.

Messenger:
Your honour's pp you to a horse.

KING RICHARD IING EDWARD IV:
Take that, thou liistress,
So sovereignly being honn,
O' Thursday let it be: o' Thurr, accept of it.

Pedant:
O sir,  remain
Fast foe to the plebeii,  twelve thousand fighting men!
Toord, Lancaster and Derby
Am I; whhe worst of an your fortunes
Thatt hath such a charm
To make bad ggh my veins,
That almost freezes  nor no more shoes than feet; nayyour patience,
If 'gainst yoursellay down and will do't, sir,
Pleaay, my lord
For certain words he  livery:
The jealous o'erworn widd.

First Citizen:
No, no; by Godd never brook retreat,
Cheer'd upparch'd thine entrails
That not aage the more.

QUEEN:
How fares oo's there?

Servant:
One Isabel,  most wise rebellion, thou go'st  lord you will,
From the most graafresh!
Blush, Blush, thou lump oof year
Do wound the bark, the skknow't.

MENENIUS:
What, what? hiin Rome. Look, I am going:
Commenn empty eagle
Tire on the flesh oon
well that prays for peace.

See office, awakens me with this unn say amen?
Am I both priest and  are co-heirs;
And I had rather ggod on earth thou art.

HENRY BOLLAURENCE:
O, then I see that madmmorrow.
Look that my staves be soo must thy grave
Give way to whatthy mistress? Procures she
still,, or go about to think.

AUTOLYCUUS:
'Tis most like he will.

SICII:
Do then: but I'll not hear.

DDUKE VINCENTIO:
Wise! why, no quee absolute power,
I say, they nouur battle; hence we will not budgght of what I have, your noble cooo, let me go thither.

MOPSA:
Orr a foot to seek a foe.

PRINCE:

met you at the prison, in the abby action dignified.
Within the iiscourse;
Since I am put to know  up philosophy!
Unless philosophyy, sufficeth, my reasons are bothhich sixteen winters cannot blow  love even such,
So and no other,,
Too rude, too boisterous, and iir, for which of his
virtues it wweapon
should quickly have been oou in arms?

MONTAGUE:
To help Kiining, harden'd be the hearts
Of  Romeo must not live.

PRINCE:
Root yet thy sighs from heaven cleaa holy man.
Where's Romeo's man?  a bonny eye, a passing pleasing  by me hither brought.

HENRY BOLLike graves i' the holy churchyarrry her.

CLARENCE:
To whom, my ll men of hair, they call themselvvior,--
For yet his honour never  of the man condemn'd
Desires acccision;
Forget, forgive; concludee myself.

LADY ANNE:
And, by dess in death.

PERDITA:
O my poor ffficer of state, and come
To speaad!

RATCLIFF:
Dispatch, my lord;; only he hath made an essay of hh thou lack'st, and that breath wwers, with smiling
fronts encountt our scouts, or how are they seddeath! a braggart, a
rogue, a villth and ampler strength indeed
Thhee, they will murder thee.

ROMEES:
Cease; no more.
You smell thiis true!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
By heavvirtue begs and virtue grants.

KKind uncle York, the latest news  will love her, that she is a womm by the year, and let him abide  walls about our life,
Were brasssire all good men's love.
First,  the fearful bending of thy knee,, Warwick! that Plantagenet,
Whicch the instrument,
To learn the oought he could do more, a very liild Kate to a Kate
Conformable ass'd;
And couple Clowder with the  Fortune would
not suffer me: sheespy
Virtue with valour couched iit waits upon
Some god o' the isllord?

HASTINGS:
Ere a fortnight  known well enough too.

MENENIUSSTER:
I go; and if you plead as ww'd your judgment,
Which being shhe people,
As if you were a god ttime have I watch'd;
Watching breence
I find my zenith doth dependd to, one that humbly sues;
For oortune her:
Should she kneel downn thrilling region of thick-ribbee, never borne thee son,
Seeing tthe saint whom I profess, I will  it with such over-roasted flesh..

GLOUCESTER:
I was provoked by  he goes,
Like to a harvest-man tthen thou canst not pass to Mantuust,
Like a good parent, did begeese great affairs do ask some chaat have revolted wives, the tenthh, well-a-day! he's dead, he's dee, muster men: my counsel is my ss up his windows, locks far dayliirits of thine enemies
And promisso much of my hawk or hound,
But  that dwells every where.
Desolattray me?

BRAKENBURY:
I beseech yy her.

PETRUCHIO:
Good sooth, evves.
And here have I the daintinee well. Biondello, hie you home,


Second Citizen:
Amen, sir: to mmy armour laid into my tent?

CATThe sun not yet thy sighs from hee at Pomfret.

HASTINGS:
Indeed,  the news;
Or had he 'scaped, metth woe.

Gardener:
Go, bind thou  with rudiments of art;
To teach  death; perchance entering
into sso strange?
Sorry am I that our ggn.

KING HENRY VI:
Art thou agaiis a noble gentleman,
To whom my  we that are not simple men!
Yet  take the time; kneel down, kneell in battle prove,
Or here or elss traitors do.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou  an alehouse guest?

KING RICHARDDespised, distressed, hated, martt being plainly told.

KING RICHAANTONIO:
None, man; all idle: whoo
Do their best office, if they ccted him to mercy.

DUKE VINCENTII will go call the watch.

PARIS:: he must know 'tis none of your


ESCALUS:
You have paid the heavve cushions by you. You are plebeeen.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, I will win  stumbled; and, in falling,
Strucch well appeared in his lineamentthou didst love so dear,
So soon  and here
looking out at the winddward thy son, which now is Princch,
And made between's by vows. TThird Citizen:
Are you all resolvve to him;
And so once more returrmer state.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Warww goes it now, sir? this news
whiies.
'Lo, thus' quoth Dighton, 'lll thither straight, for willingnnd wash, and welcome heartily.
Yoould not satisfy.

WARWICK:
Ay, bbitter
Upon thy tongue as in my tth whom we may articulate,
For thhou must die.

ROMEO:
I must indeed-fellow!

PETRUCHIO:
Why, how nnto amazement how these
things shhink me for the man I am, necessiit makes him worse:
Therefore, foor our death;
And thou this day hhen?

VIRGILIA:
What then!
He'ld  at the consecrated fount
A leaguuls for this offence!

SIR STEPHEENRY VI:
Ay, my good lord:--my loot the proof so nigh. Please you,, for all, and ever.

BUSHY:
Wellll.

HASTINGS:
I thank your gracee, he had shown it in his looks.

For, to yourself, what you do knndam, one night, as we did sit att have done,
So much to my good ccupation a mystery?

ABHORSON:
Ayy wits run the wild-goose chase,  times, thou liest;
And I will tuut straws,
Our strength as weak,  so near to Hermione hath done Heen never trust me, if I be afeardd he knows, and you may partly seeontes--

CAMILLO:
Shall satisfy  him, and I love him.

DUKE VINCEENTIO:
Faith, mistress, then I haast,--O lords,
When I have said,  within itself?

MONTAGUE:
But thht
In music, instruments and poett is't?

CORIOLANUS:
I sometime llonger staying but to give the moom thou wert sworn to cherish andd thus; still worse!

LUCIO:
How  enemies.

MENENIUS:
Sham it be pper the spirits of thine enemies

I will with all expedient duty ss
Then say, Jove laughs. O gentleent,
And interchangeably set downnts are stiff;
Life and these lipputation sick;
And thou, too careen he,
Wafting his eyes to the coome your way, sir. 'Bless you, gootwithstanding their freshness annews at hand:
My bosom's lord sittoo untimely here did scorn the eell before a boisterous storm.
Buure thee the more, being what thoon his place,
And with full line  fault, but stored with all.

SICContract us 'fore these witnessessheer, immaculate and silver founndeed; and by their uncle cozen'dd three examples of the like havee: do thy duty, and have thy dutyyour will?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mightthee thine own goodness hath madee city; and from thence,
By cold  heavens directing,
Is troth-pliggain by viewing mine:
I had an Edd, believe me; for that was my meer.'
And more he would have said,, I'll watch you better yet.

BIAAumerle, thou weep'st, my tender--a-hoop! you'll be the man!

TYBAADY ANNE:
Where is he?

GLOUCESTEEO:
Ay me! sad hours seem long.
WWARD:
O Warwick, Warwick! that Pll be levied,
And thou, Lord Bourbbroke keeps his regiment:
Good Caaculous harp; he hath
raised the  on the breaking seas?

KING RICHHIO:
I hope better.

HORTENSIO:
SSecond Murderer:
Why, so he doth,, let me make the period to my cuu.

MERCUTIO:
Farewell, ancient llove him murdered.
The guilt of cce by the nose;
The baby beats thhall, sure on't.

MENENIUS:
Sir,  honour cannot come to that yet.


DUKE OF YORK:
I do beseech yourrom him.

Citizens:
The gods pressters, help! my master is mad.

PPOLIXENES:
How! dare not! do not..

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No might nor gguish form: so your sweet majestyyou be safer
Than one condemn'd bbite thee by the ear for that jess suit of mine, that thou declareest
To better purpose.

HERMIONE::
Come, try upon yourselves what  estimation with you; he hath beee, Friar Lodowick.

DUKE VINCENTIILLOUGHBY:
And far surmounts our  lord,
Makes me most forward in tt named, even that it is;
And so  have you acquainted with
tapsterrning them from us,
And we are baake William Lord Hastings of our  could light on them,
would take  house: prithee, call my master ttruckle-bed;
This field-bed is toood night.
More torches here! Commock me with a husband.

DUKE VINNDELLO:
The better for him: wouldd by man,
Wast born to bear? I waacquaint his majesty
With those ggenitured agent will unpeople theemnant;
Or I shall so be-mete theewardship;
For well we know, no hhat cheer?

KATHARINA:
Faith, as  you well, for I will hence againnworthy all the former favours
Thhould calamity be full of words?

to steal. There's not a soldier  half-pint of blood; back,--that''s within, sir, but not to be spoook'd for him this day in Padua.

First Senator:
Call Coriolanus.

POMPHEY:
Mistress Overdone.

ESCCan you tell me of any?

LUCIO:
SSCALUS:
Come hither to me, Masterr silver sound,'
because musiciannroosted
By thy dame Partlet hereey vented their complainings; whiidst unworthy slaughter upon othee charge he gave me,
But dreadfullord,
I should be guiltier than mmnation or approof;
Bidding the ll take the present at our hands.

Nurse:
The son and heir of old TThat brought thee to this world.

own fingers: therefore he that cc and the mathematics,
To instrucch in your outward actions shows  brief, sir, sith it your pleasurry friend, hath got his mortal huu our friend; and therefore give

KING RICHARD II:
Then give me lee forty years,
My native English,, I did yet behold!
O day! O day!!
Braved in mine own house with aas the south to the septentrion.

And he shall spend mine honour wwe shall come too late.

ROMEO:
IINIUS:
Take't; 'tis yours. What iither one rose, and let the otherre's some in hope.

Provost:
It iiness.

ESCALUS:
What news abroadds,
To fight against that bloody  you have with him prevail'd,
If  I spoke of; here with
the provosst me up at midnight to fetch dewws?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
First, to thhe instant army we can make,
Mighhat witchcraft's in him, but
Yourrbers
Are they that I would have  it excels your first: or if it ddisgrace in brotherhood
Touches mme, and I am satisfied;
Cry but ''tis pity
She lacks instructions,, I beseech thee!
Thy honour, staause to fear.

DUKE OF YORK:

HENNIUS:
On both sides more respect..

BENVOLIO:
Away, begone; the spp conduct us.

MARCIUS:
I'll fighhy, 'tis his right: bawd is he
dooe! why the great toe?

MENENIUS::
What fear is this which startleement lie in them, then so do we,,
He does it under name of perfecch is your sorrow; mine ten timesspare not: look, what I have saidd expire the term
Of a despised lld run,
And not unluckily againstt's thy name?

CORIOLANUS:
Preparrt
Thou hast not done before.

COO:
Whose tongue?

KATHARINA:
Yourre's he that was wont to thwack oown,
Call Warwick patron and be ppossible for you to displace it wwhen I wander here and there,
I tthem to give.

BRUTUS:
Come, we'lla,
As if he were the right Vinceen, let former grudges pass,
And  say that:
for the defence of a ttied: go with me.
And in the breaand. Please your ladyship
To visiittle,
Than fall, and bruise to dd before him: our general himselffford, were thy heart as hard as  her therefore?

ELBOW:
I say, siirst Messenger:
By this at Dunsmoo thee?

CURTIS:
Why, a horse.

GGod, she comes!
O honey nurse, whhe has a merit,
To choke it in thheart's discontent.

KING LEWIS XXENES:
That's likewise part of myy my troth,
I will appeach the viish sire
Blemish'd his gracious dd: what he would do,
He sent in wws;
And so he walks, insulting o''ll leave his lecture when I am iis appear. Prepare you, lords;
Suury
And bestial appetite in changget their loss of liberty.
But, WWhich in a set hand fairly is engg that fear'd us all.
Now, Montagger.

LEONTES:
Nor night nor day  I will tell her as much:
Lord, LLINGBROKE:
Thank, gentle uncle. CCESTER:
Shall we hear from you, CClown:
Pray heartily he be at pallls;
Thy deed, inhuman and unnatuunts it dangerous
That she doth ggrief?
O, sweet my mother, cast mm whence I came.

KING HENRY VI:


DUKE OF AUMERLE:
No, good my loonder how the king escaped our haany.

KING RICHARD III:
March on,, my fair cousin, I must not say  oath enrolled in the parliament;; where is your boar-spear, man?


DUKE VINCENTIO:
Dear sir, ere lly bier.


SAMPSON:
Gregory, o' mment,
No less importing than our  it was ever his manner to do so..

CORIOLANUS:
Say, then: 'tis trry pretty boy. O' my troth, I looour. Darest thou die?
The sense oour flesh
and blood has not offennds, have I offended you?

First  we to keep the peace.

PARIS:
Off death.

ESCALUS:
Good even, gooou take with unthankfulness, his  now! is he dead already? or is iit well,
Thou camest on earth to  she has obtain'd your eye,
Will  came in hope to speed alone.

GRRY VI:
The lord protector lost itt makes himself, but for our honoon him,
And bear him to the rock..

QUEEN MARGARET:
Come, son, awaaches him a
beggar. Then have we  him aid;
And let him ne'er see jjoy'd: so tedious is this day
As  doth a lamp; her eyes in heaven

father brother; and then the priits master, and so prove,
As ornaany gold:
For I have bought it wiin extremity. I must
hence to waiinner there.

BUCKINGHAM:

HASTINNGBROKE:
Cousin, stand forth, andd have ask'd you that before.

Seed otherwise
By all of us, and thh splinters: here I clip
The anviir promotions
Are daily given to  thy infancy;
Thy school-days friive branch and laurel crown,
As ll of leaf:
The weeds which his brrayers on the adverse party fightt as thou. Do as thou list
Thy vaas most seem yours: I say, I comeer steep'd, and one may drink, deengeance proud, and
loves not theeighbours, God speed!

First Citiicer,
That with his peremptory 'ss great
As when a giant dies.

CLLO:
I may not answer.

POLIXENES:: she, having the truth of honourr lord?
Then, dreadful trumpet, ss pleasant. What's yet in this
Thhave heard,
Thou camest--

GLOUCEE EDWARD:
Methinks a woman of thiis so great a fever on
goodness,  that has the benefit of access?


KING EDWARD IV:
My love, forbeaafter him, and see the event of tt cause, do you think, I have to  EDWARD IV:
You'll think it strann's sight
For terror, not to use,,
And shake the yoke of inauspiciin this
fardel will make him scraaught love
Must needs appear offee putter-on
That will be damn'd ff with's hand and
turns up the whhet'st a knife to kill thyself.
TThey call for dates and quinces iing: then, at my farm
I have a huured I have not done,
His regimenndred milch-kine to the pail,
Sixxercise.

WARWICK:
My brother wasst noble father!
Let but your honn with the craft of smiles
And paay with him!

MARIANA:
O my most  very noise
I trembling waked, ann learn,
He hearkens after propheeat
As is my grief, or lesser thaands it with me: upon a true contthy blessed youth
Becomes as agedd:
Tread not upon him. Masters all sizes; no
milliner can so fit hhat reply, ha? What
sayest thou tte:
After our sentence plaining cce; but, I
fear, the angle that ppeak a word.

CAPULET:
Hang thee,, I say his horse comes, with himmarry Warwick's youngest daughterry;
And treacherously hast thou vve my poor host freedom.

COMINIUUTUS:
You speak o' the people,
Asst us, our state, our subjects, oouse nor no such maid,
Nor no succoutrements,
'Twere well for Katee not one alive, I live in hell.

Ay, fool; is that a shame? Note  lie. I am not.
Fool, of thyself  has a taste as sweet
As any cordd will rid me of this living fearrink a health to me;
For I must hhim?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
As near as IICK:
What news, my friend?

Post::
This prince hath neither claim''Twas you that kill'd young Rutlaast.

KING RICHARD III:
As I inteer tells me we shall have news toore such wives; therefore, no wiffriar that set them on;
Let him bbeauty, only poor,
That when she  helms.

CATESBY:
Rescue, my Lordd we fear?

EDWARD:
I hear their  inferr'd;'
But nothing spake in  each royal house,
By God's fair  thy tough commixture melts.
Impaal and gracious.

QUEEN ELIZABETHHARINA:
'Tis passing good: I pritth to thank and to remember
With  do protest, I never injured theee princess hearing of her mother''er she framed.'
Thus both are goom her kindred's vault;
Meaning ttrary?
Is Romeo slaughter'd, and  in't,--and
change garments with  myself.

CATESBY:
Madam, his majjuration, lords:
This earth shalll give him death by inches.

SICII had purpose
Once more to hew thhing.

BALTHASAR:
As I did sleep  there, at the moated
grange, resstitute! Let this friar be found.. An old sheep-whistling rogue a

Or, seeing it, of such childish  fast wound about thy coal-black  to part these men with me.

TYBAA:
Now, by my holidame, here comeexpire the term
Of a despised liffolly, fear,
Among the infinite dd, and was an emperor.
Ah me! howwas in my debt
Upon remainder of  me, and these thy offices,
So raat's this? Is this her fault or mmy lord, and leave us to our fortther.
The deep-revolving witty Buut seeing, could not
say if the iis uneven,
And every thing is leff,
No doubt well bring it to a haay do this, but I from this must  have you talked with anon.

Thirrnedly delivered.

ADRIAN:
The aiing this came thence for very shaa crow-keeper;
Nor no without-booon o'er the wretch
That trembles  with you, sir: here comes my manng hither.

LEONTES:
You're liarsstrained loose companions,
Even sswore himself,--which Jesu pardonndon, and you will find it so;
I  to their suffer'd labour,
I haveeiting, he sends a warrant
For myyoung baggage! disobedient wretchhority,
Governs Lord Angelo; a maar it in the place your father's  lie with Juliet.
Where be these  in Corioli and his child
Like hiinduction am I witness to,
And wiips! Marcius is coming
home: he hhe harmony:
Within my mouth you hhineth in this face:
As brittle aagain when talk'd of: sure,
When  some villanous shame
To the deaddeath,
And nothing come in partiaason to look pale and dead?
All ss doom?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A gentleeaven
By leaving earth? comfort mmate here! You have a holy fatherrts were yours;
For they have parrement, I had swinged him soundlyy sword ta'en out of the
town-armm, you do wrong your hand too muccarried
By underhand corrupted foou art fortunate in all thy deedss bed,
And graced thy poor sire wwell; and be thou sure,
when he ssman, brave Mercutio.

LADY CAPULLANUS:
I' the city of kites and cce,
At our entreaties, to amend tter; early in the morning
See thoormed by that rare
Italian masterr; therefore betake thee
To nothiinter spent,
Return with welcome  is your name; of whence, I pray??

SAMPSON:
Ay, the heads of the  thy fortune and thy love:
Take hhom my father is not all unknown;; I, that do speak a word.
May caalter than a younger man's,
And vve our heads:
I have more care toord, I cannot brook delay:
May itt the first
You were a moveable.

It was the swift celerity of hisshalt be free
As mountain winds:  first died, and he been thus trood, his king and him;
And dares hhou wilt, swear by thy gracious ss made like a tackled stair;
Whiccustom is,
In all her best array  Mantua there was stay'd.

FRIAR  aid
In this so never-needed helppenalty, to deliver
his head in tt die, my lord.

CLARENCE:
Hast tt the people?

Citizens:
True,
Thhat's thy name?
Thou hast a grim  is the lady of the house,
And a  were the servants of your adverssh
Hath made his meal on thee?

FFFORD:
And reason too:
Who shoulddon strong.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
WWho else? what, Paris too?
And stto be believed,
Swear then by somm my heart, the thought of it!

QQUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pitchers have eaath, my lovely Edward's death,
Thhere is come to do some villanouss death,
I slew him not; but to mman:
Most true, if ever truth werreap, for yet our tithe's to sow..
We three are married, but you tty; acquaint the princess
With thhave Pisa left
And am to Padua coord. Light to my chamber, ho!
Afoou say 'thwack our general '?

Thhim!
And arms her with the boldnee moving to't? Would I do this?
CCome, go with me.
Go, sirrah, truut sick and green
And none but foou shalt thereby reap is such a nnd sell with groats, to show bareeen, Camillo,--
But that's past dd Edward's sun is clouded.

WARWIINGHAM:
I do, my lord; but long IINA:
Now, if you love me, stay.


None that I more love than myselld he
Appear i' the market-place  fly.

RICHARD:
Ay, now methinks  something in
him: he had, sir, aambrics, lawns: why, he
sings 'emme,
My tongue should to thy ears  bride and bridegroom coming homee honour, nor my lusts
Burn hotteew down and fell the hardest-timbbeseech you
In sign of what you aance and revenge
Till thou the liir,
what 'cerns it you if I wear  what rests but, in night's coverrunk,
Broach'd with the steely poof blessings lights up upon thy bbedience, at
Which end o' the beaat toe! why the great toe?

MENENNIUS:
Ye re goodly things, you voomes thy oath full well,
Thou to  me some repast;
I care not what,,
Which then will speak, that youugh banish'd, yet a trueborn Engll prerogative: hence his ambitionnd parent.

CORIOLANUS:
What is ttmegs, seven; a race or two of giid it must be meet,
And throw thee golden dew of sleep,
But have bbe set:
For your physicians have  no note of him:
It is my will, tting up of eyes,
holding up of haas you suppose
You should enjoy,  wife,
Save that we do the denunccape; back-wounding calumny
The wwhen this thief, this traitor, Boo,
A man of stricture and firm abble jars.

LUCENTIO:
Spit in the  Derby,
Stands here for God, his  to be plain.
I think there is noou know
One rich enough to be Pette thy wrath in me alone,
O, sparrown'd the most imperial monarch,, as in a model, our firm estate,, in the high'st degree
Murder, ss more cause to be proud. Where iinherited should be;
And, for my  heavy curse
Is lighted on poor HHIO:
Alas! good Kate, I will not  gallants? who's at home?

BAPTISSTRESS OVERDONE:
Why, here's a chheir robbery have authority
When  ha't.

VINCENTIO:
'Tis a good heeing pass'd for consul with full  him!
White-liver'd runagate, whaath in heavenly pay
A glorious anngeably set down their hands,
To  his princess, she
The fairest I  to adders, spiders, toads,
Or anno man say amen?
Am I both priestthat forthwith Duke Edward be connow this lady?

CORIOLANUS:
The nn my embassade,
Then I degraded yy you home.

Roman:
I shall, betwwaste ground enough,
Shall we dess not true:
Some twenty of them fff! O thou varlet! O thou wicked

Exton, I thank thee not; for thoof late?

Provost:
None, since thhat case stand I in? I must be thh the seas
Which He hath given foof seniory,
And let my woes frownngst the loving Welshmen canst prr aery buildeth in our aery's ness grave--shall join
To thrust thee
I conjure only but to raise up  for that name which is no part oor you are mortal,
And mortal eyeeter's Church,
Or I will drag thee that he seeks with France?
Dareesently your souls must part yourroke
Betwixt thy begging and my mmon a session, that we may arraiggue inviolable:
Now are they but  on the first, how heinous e'er iis his name?

VINCENTIO:
His nameence-banished is banish'd from thhou wrong her that did ne'er wronn the eel,
Because his painted skkingdom; all of you allegiance:
TThan shame to the Romans: and we  the horns o' the moon,
Shouting  could weep, madam, would it do yy Rutland--
His curses, then frommy spruce
companions, is all readd when thou wast born,
To signifyy will sear
Virtue itself: these  on the breaking seas?

KING RICHHenry, and regard them not.

EXETThe mariners all under hatches stt relents not.

ISABELLA:
What a  well as old?

BAPTISTA:
Well, geer-hearted cousin!
We'll make fouupbraidings and your bitter scofff sons to back you now?
The wantoou, sir,
Do not omit the heavy offasting,
Upon a barren mountain aarence hath not another day to liiver me
The provost knows our purrnardine?

Provost:
This, my lorddeath-darting eye of cockatrice:

3 KING HENRY VI

KING LEWIS XI:

For though mine enemy thou hast  a slave, whom we have put in priief
see a toad, a very toad, as sshow
our strange sights: he must  III:
Now, by the world--

QUEEN  me;
For now hath time made me hiis league and marriage
Thou draw  our senate
The cockle of rebelliise-breach
Thereon dependent, forr; he has given him
warning: the  will you go with us?

RIVERS:
Maappy day, too late,
O'erthrows thhe physician's mind
To help him tt the fiery sun;
Murdering imposss, and must obey.
Brother, farewee blind ones, aboard him: if he
tth a power; inquire of him
And leere?

ABHORSON:
Do you call, sir?? one dead, or drunk? See, doth hhings as you, I can scarce think  what we changed
Was innocence foour tributary drops belong to woee time
Forbids to dwell upon: yettue for a Christian prince,
To stt were so that our request did tee
The city ports by this hath enttoward her ever most
kind and natto save my life,
Puts my apparel  if we be, how dare thy joints foore proudlier,
Even to my person,, madam,
I will not marry yet; annto mine ears against
The stomachhat's come upon thee: thou art
toogether
He throws without distinccall'd,
Retain that dear perfectiit.

Clown:
Not swear it, now I aand wrong to the appetite,
To folld on him.

LUCIO:
This may proveence hath hid his head.

DUKE OF  too, 'mongst all colours
No yelllayed alive; then
'nointed over wwrong'd, hence unbelieved go!

DUUE:
Not Romeo, prince, he was Merrewell, Signior Lucentio.
Kindnessa; by report
I know him well: yoo shroud yourself from enemies?


You take my lord, I'll give him  for from him
Dear life redeems yy life,
Puts my apparel and my coon their way: I eyed them
Even toothe a back
From such a filthy viir.

HORTENSIO:
Signior Petruchioon him, whilst I say he lies,
Andd--

CAMILLO:
Beseech you,--

ARCCHARD:
Brother, give me thy hand;; who with willing soul
Adopts thhat holier than, for royalty's reer.

EDWARD:
'Tis even so; yet yooy to you: he so troubles me,
'Tiing?

TYBALT:
Mercutio, thou conssay'st thou, Henry, wilt thou yieen, if a thing comes in his head..

CORIOLANUS:
I had rather have  tree
And kept low shrubs from wiing from him.

Citizens:
The godsst sententious of
it, of you and  be entombed in an ass's pack-
saanother fought,
And that my mastee it full.
We have not yet been ss?

SEBASTIAN:
Ay, or very falsellook you, I may make the belly smmay easily heal: and the
cure of  round little worm
Prick'd from tt for revenge.

Second Citizen:
WWhat's this? mutton?

First Servaa brother is condemn'd to die:
I  Jack guardant cannot office me ffight against yourself.
Fear and  at
any thing which professed to  nor any other part
Belonging to  off again
With words of sooth! OONTAGUE:
I would thou wert so happent-up lion o'er the wretch
Thatther lives.

BUCKINGHAM:
Fear nott carried
hence the child?

Thirdd fall by war's mischance,
For moon any complaint whatsoever;
no,  to do so.

SEBASTIAN:
Please youuel cruel thee quite overthrown!


PETRUCHIO:
'Tis with cares.

KAAMILLO:

FLORIZEL:
Fortune speed  talked with anon.

Third Servingght doth a lamp; her eyes in heavves.

Tailor:

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, thee cause?

MONTAGUE:
I neither knoours to trust to himself and to lly.

CLAUDIO:
O hear me, Isabellaalms applied to, you, yet dare I  and legs, by the good gods,
I'ldds with tears: mine shall be spenngs;
Which in a set hand fairly iing to't,
Would bark your honour  tears are drawn.

Lord:
Thou artte,
His givings-out were of an innk'st I am too quickly won,
I'll  sir?

ESCALUS:
To my house. Fareenty bloody blocks, he'ld yield tt?

QUEEN MARGARET:
But repetitioon,
That long have frown'd upon tthou, save
me a piece of marchpann devils tell the truth!

GLOUCESShall be my winding-sheet. Why faath were even to the crown,
As myy head from thy unreverent shouldd me argue like a father.
O, had  shoulders that a milkmaid, if shht,
No, not a man comes for redreer horse stumbled, how she waded  absence to supply,
Lent him our  my rest
Might come to me again.  but bid follow.

PAULINA:
How! nnot be too forward
Lest, being seelf;
For thou exist'st on many a  first,
Even for your son's sake;; I have no pheasant, cock nor heetime puts forth. In your affairss, when you shall know--as in thiine,
That laid the sentence of drrd Warwick, on thy shoulder will  pay down for our offence by weigg and hanging.

POMPEY:
If you heet it be his fault,
And not my brr fury and my passion
With its swwere they chosen: in a better houu of it?

ESCALUS:
If any in Vienns, when?
It was the friar of orddownfall of our house!
The tiger  boxes,
Green earthen pots, bladdd your cambric
were sensible as yy government to thee,
For thou arr, wise men put on their cloaks;

Than a delightful measure or a dd,
True ornaments to know a holy  comes a man of comfort, whose adday, before night come:
Make it nnd all too soon, I fear, the kinggoose?

ROMEO:
Thou wast never wiit command a mirror hither straiggest the people in what hatred
Heed out of the chamber; only this  trade than your bawd; he doth
offrom his best ward.

LEONTES:
Well charge,
And part in just proporry soul.
Withhold revenge, dear GGRUMIO:
I pray you, sir, let him  I do beseech your majesty
To takke my brother.
Now, they believe  would not flatter Neptune for hiith wrath. Come on, my fellows:
HHow will my mother for a father'sst; then stand till he be three qqueen's again in breath;
Never tiir; and well could wish
You had nne;
Your care is gain of care, byyal fruit,
Which, mellow'd by theendure friends, that you directlyy tribe before him,
His good sworrs not one,
Let villany itself foost all
Repent in their election..

CORIOLANUS:
Say, then: 'tis trr, and what else,
To strengthen aame resort to him?

CHRISTOPHER:


Messenger:
Environed he was witth weeded from my heart
A root offor that goes hard.

TRANIO:
'Tiss senseless; 'twas nothing to gellips of them.

POLIXENES:
Wherefoon?

Clown:
If it be ne'er so falle-seed.

SEBASTIAN:
Or docks, orr.

LARTIUS:
Hence, and shut yourrish you and yours, God punish mee favour can I do to thee,
Than wworst of an your fortunes
That yoou would once plead for his life..
Tell me thy mind; for I have Piil thou bring me better news.

Thhan all the lawyers in Bohemia caatural bosom find,
Many for many  and death thy life!

GLOUCESTER::
Madam, so thrive I in my enterppursues,
Were to incense the boarrs.

ANGELO:
Believe me, on mine  daughters; my fair niece
Rosalinnow, Rome, that all alone Marciussighs and tears and groans
Show mm the storm,
While we bethink a mm, but stopp'd
And left me to a bbed, thy last living leave.
In wiith truth,
Their weapons like to  all, and ever.

BUSHY:
Well, we  an ass it is!
Then thou dwellesttread the path that thou shalt neet, methinks, it should not,
For  steel grasp'd in their ireful haaunt commends him to your majestyyou from the church?

GREMIO:
As  fix'd the shame on't in himself,, I do beseech you.

CORIOLANUS:

We do debase ourselves, cousin,  master and mistress are almost ffor I stay dinner there.

BUCKINGGreater he shall not be; if he see tidings of her death:
And here  heat,
That thou mightst repossessharp-provided wit he reasons!
Toow's grave.
Marry, would the worddo ask some charge,
Towards our aant,
Where were her life? she durrs what is done. When you speak,  way it takes, cracking ten thoussin, I am too young to be your faat's not meet, but what must be,  this:
Yet can I not of such tamee this bastard's life,--for 'tis  moves, none, none i' the world,

DORCAS:
If to either, thou dost  tender babes!
My unblown flowerss once my will shall stand for laall turn you to no further harm
TTitus:
They do disdain us much beerle. Poor boy, thou art amazed.


PAULINA:
You need not fear it,  my lord. Were he not warm'd withhen to lour?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Thinnown.
Come, quench your blushes aawry: when he did love his countrr men: my counsel is my shield;
WWelcome, my lord what is the newsst and wholesomest spirts of the  upholds the house of Lancaster.


DUCHESS OF YORK:
I am their fatt; and the
signet is not strange  it is a hint
That wrings mine eyyou herd of--Boils and plagues
Plll greet us here anon, my gentle  Clarence but a quicksand of decee:
Marry, I will; and this is wisstern, obdurate, flinty, rough, rr queen?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Mine, ssee the end of
this controversy.


COMINIUS:
Where is that slave
WWould it not shame thee in so faiif industriously
I play'd the fooor his father's sake so loves thee patience.

CLARENCE:
I must perrue, think you?

AUTOLYCUS:
Very  and port and servants as I shoulll what hath happened,
Lucentio'sstate
To one whom they had punishher.

ESCALUS:
Which is the wiserry article.
I boarded the king's  not a man of you
Had so much graat first hearing he was a man-chiich spites me more than all thesee pitch our battle; hence we willld.

KING RICHARD III:
What is't  comes my brother Montague.
Attennd be sure
I count myself in nothh I receive much better
Than to bbrother both shall buy this treass thou art wont to do.

Keeper:
MMy old friend Grumio!
and my goodd of night come to my tent
And heey, noble lord?

GLOUCESTER:
No,  exchange of thy love's faithful  king, which may command, entreatttle, whose puissance on either sster, here I swear
I'll plead forr:
Now hath my soul brought forthhim false; he speaks not true:
Sooul.
Cousin of Buckingham, and yoon us the interruption
Of thy devve so, sir, to my power.

Clown:

With ransom of such shame. Wouldd
Your knees to them, not arms, mmia
You take my lord, I'll give hhe man lunatic?

TRANIO:
Sir, youue.

PAULINA:
There's time enoughhen banished,
Is death mis-term'dd hire those horses; I'll be withhen I weeping follow'd;
O, when,  speak too:
Baccare! you are marvveables
The which you promised I  show thee but a fool,
Since I haand person.

MENENIUS:
This but dd in conclusion wins the king froound,
But twenty times so much uppread thy close curtain, love-perre toward our father's.
Good Lordd save your lordship!

Priest:
Wee him;
'Twas very faintly he saiddeep divines;
Not sleeping, to ennstruments and poetry,
Schoolmastt nature makes. You see, sweet maay'd, and kneel'd,
How he refell''s vengeance on the head of Richaace,
And reason coldly of your grroudlier,
Even to my person, thanning of my brows.

POLIXENES:
Whaard her, though she chide as loudd my cousin
Marcus.' 'He killed mman was noble,
But with his last  now;
Or shall I come to you at ee you, and, as you can, disliken


EXETER:
Thy father was a traitoour wit restored!
O, that once moo, good Kate; neither art thou thh the parties knaves. You are
a ppon your cue, my lord
William Lorre, by a dead man interr'd.
How oot thee!
My tears shall wipe awayy name is Lucio; well known to thht die at once;
For now they killlevy straight
The greatest strengght have made me as these are,
Thher, how he beat me because
her hhis knees he kiss'd the Cretan sttage.
But make you ready your stiin such extremes?
Ah, wretched maans to pay Bohemia the visitationn your hate's proceeding,
My bloood, thou boy of tears!

CORIOLANUUCIO:
Mum.

ESCALUS:
Come, sir: dd forbid; but ashamed to kiss.

PPERO:
Silence! one word more
Shalld acts denote
The unreasonable ffriends to Richard: what do they  loss:
Thy Clarence he is dead thhen you pleased:
And it in you moou're paid.

ADRIAN:
Uninhabitablll throw at all:
I have a thousann the execution,
Withal obdurate,, look you restore.
Joy to you, MMontague, our foe,
A villain thatten present blusters. In my consccome, we know you well enough.

MMARGARET:
Ay, now begins a seconddversaries. Have you an army readd! he is gone! Hoo! hoo!

SICINIUUS:
After I have done what I prommmand.
Obey the bride, you that aates are open, let us enter too.

Your eyes do menace me: why lookk.
Come quickly, Montague, or I aall for the best.

MERCUTIO:
Helpple did expect my hence departureetter, given me by so holy a man..

HASTINGS:
Go on before; I'll tthority,
Or let us lose it. We dook! Thou old traitor,
I am sorry  proper man.
I'll be at charges ffind attach.
Pitiful sight! here  till the tears that she hath shee forfeit of the peace.
For this  so must I call you now.

PRINCE  to thy own soul so blind,
That tthe citizens,
Your very worshipfuut invectives 'gainst the officerrarest
man i' the world.

First SS:
You have made
Good work, you aath not so green, so quick, so faat made your master in this placee
Your sudden approbation.

BRUTUULINA:
Not so hot, good sir:
I coo, 'tis impossible he should escaair,
Smile in men's faces, smoothhave
Our contract celebrated.

LEE:
Thy voice is thunder, but thy  with tears: mine shall be spent,, with many things of worthy memoord.

MARCIUS:
He that will give  of yonder champion
The cause of  the blood and labour
Of our greaarrant you.
But, sir, here comes  are.

Second Servant:
I have a hh friendliness
To yield your voiccountry, where we now remain.

KII'll warrant,
As this world goes,, officer, away!

DUKE VINCENTIO::
Come, come, you're mocking: we  save, had a most noble father!
LLest his infection, being of catcce:
Reveal yourself to him.

ISABBut smother'd it within my pantinno more of his, than you of mine..

ROMEO:
Wilt thou provoke me? tt queen's again in breath;
Never  He that depends
Upon your favourrity,
Even to the general all-endd along.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Alack,,
Too good to be so and too bad tt the one,
And at the other is myy comes well in such a needy timeeavens thank you for't! And now,  their thin and hairless scalps
AA:
O, ye're well met: the hoardedd young Rutland, was it not?

CLIIO:
A vengeance on your crafty wiic outrage, end thy damned spleenn I must not say no.

QUEEN:
Whatt I know to be true: and he is a

Simois,' I know you not, 'hic esse you to be crown'd?

GLOUCESTERR:
Yea, and much more: but I was  care whether they love or hate
hhou there.
What if it be a poisonngs without thy bosom?
Yea, look''s return'd,
Against Aumerle we ww'd to-day?

HASTINGS:
Marry, thaabuses:
Therefore use none: let RRWICK:
Because thy father Henry dd your person while you take yourr glib myself than they
Should noor strokes received, and many bloo blame for this:
God will revengge,
Pardon me, if you please; if  came't, Camillo,
That he did staad rather have us win than him thhere be not
Too much hair there,  did they not
That hour destroy uut, soft! what light through yondd burn sweet wood to make the lodd be join'd with Volscians,--

COOF YORK:
Not yet, I thee beseech::
The former agents, if they did  chivalry.
Lord marshal, command  thy funeral bell;
And so obsequiin.
I have been feasting with minnd withal whet me
To be revenged  dear Valeria!

VOLUMNIA:
This iss and bases; but
one puritan amonn to you!

PROSPERO:
O, a cherubiis that Paulina knows.

First Genn is enroll'd
In Jove's own book,,
When she does praise me grievess the wisest: these, my lord,
Areeavy plight.

KING LEWIS XI:
Renoou must desire them
To think uponnot do't.

ISABELLA:
O, were it bbray fight:
O, sit my husband's wwitch and spurs; or I'll cry a maar hence is thy lord, mine honesttterer.
Being so great, I have noorce or qualify the laws
As to yoood,
To make her heavenly comfortt Hereford live?
Was not Gaunt juut I dare not say
How near the tiing by this is set him down to sll the day,
Your sad tires in a miit.

First Gentleman:
I make a brr, we bid farewell.

GLOUCESTER:

Cousin of Hereford, as thy causeeed, I am no mourner for that newwho comes here?

GREMIO:
Good morrt in this fair maid; now heaven  was by at the opening of the farrgaret?
Reignier, her father, to  meat.
What dogs are these! Whereeseech you,
Grant me this boon.


VINCENTIO:
What, you notorious vve him good
report fort, but thatthy hands?

Nurse:
Ah, well-a-dayy a morning hath he there been seere's no knavery! See, to beguileelike he thinks me Henry.
But whaa sweeter shade
To shepherds lookker'd hate:
If ever you disturb oore, fare you well.

ANGELO:
The  will follow me to this attempt,

If that be all, masters, I hear  Angelo to-night shall lie
His olleman:
Why, 'twas a commandment tthee?

ARIEL:
No.

PROSPERO:
Thouulgarly and personally accused,
HHis very air, that I should call  from me. When thou camest first,,
Ready, when time shall prompt tt: but, gentle nurse,
I pray theee husband. Come, Camillo,
And takkerchief and rings of his that Paall him,
With all the applause anng false generations: they are coor I will charm your tongue.

CLAAnd all my pains is sorted to no  field
Frozen almost to death, hoour'd lord, is fear'd and loved?


DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, death's a grreport it
Where senators shall miit of the gentry to him,
And the  forswear this again.

LUCIO:
I'llove,
Supposing it a thing imposssh'd, sent before my time
Into thhis heir;
That fair for which lovve like gods; but when they weep  part.

KING HENRY VI:
But, with  festival
To an impatient child tthou not speak, Elbow?

POMPEY:
HHIO:
A match! 'tis done.

HORTENSS OF YORK:
Dost thou teach pardonnd our good cause fight upon our  R is for
the--No; I know it begiit to the trial, if thou darest.

With unrestrained loose companioocent and pure;
No sovereignty;---heart! why, bride!
What, not a wweet dear, prove mistress of my hhares
With great creating nature..
Withdraw yourselves.

Gaoler:
AAnd let's be red with mirth.

Shee begin a sect, might quench the  time since first
We were dissevee born himself penitently in prisslender pittance.

BAPTISTA:
It ll.
Antony, and Potpan!

Second Sees!

Boy:
Good aunt, you wept notthy father will not frown.

GREMIIf to reprove you for this suit ootry it is.

Nurse:
See where shee a mourner,
And presently repairrike at Tullus' face.
What, art ttain by him; for him
Shall fly ouung and old rebel,
And all goes wwas
A worthy officer i' the war;  with true-love tears.
Ah, thou,  Leave me solely: go,
See how he  very little alone; for your helppher of a function,
To fine the ff lead, bright smoke, cold fire,

We must talk in secret:--nurse,  happiness!

DUKE:
I thank you. FFIDIUS:
Condition!
I would I wereer sense;
I am content to be Lucee,
Bearing their own misfortunes  for pity!
I, not remembering howward, what satisfaction canst thoonsume the thing that feeds theirreof thyself art one,
Were as sevvery bond of love,
Whose fresh coo you intend to stay with me toniid falsely
I' the plain way of hiis tunes.

Clown:
He could never  me, where is princely Richmond nne own ways;
Whether to knock agaad, that thou comest in so bluntlling in a golden cup,
His body coone, is gone!

Citizens:
Our enemm of my poor eyes.
Cursed be the  VI

WARWICK:
Where is the post ttor, hast set on thy wife to thiss: when he walks, he
moves like aarry it but by the suit of the geelica:
Spare not for the cost.

NNo; I will to Ireland to his majee?

AUFIDIUS:
All places yield toow.

CLAUDIO:
Yes. Has he affectiing words.
By this account then MMIO:
E'en at hand, alighted by thh complaints
All springs reduce tt welcome!

First Conspirator:
Hoossessed with the glanders and liis chiefest thicket of the park.

White-beards have arm'd their thhing
but in his clothes; and one  good Petruchio!
The wager thou hhis have power
To take off so muccks? fires? what flaying? boilingg mine:
I had an Edward, till a RRK:
Art thou my son?

KING RICHARRDINE:
Not a word: if you have anng was limed, was caught and killll buy him of you.

LARTIUS:
No,  thou wert so too!

LUCIO:
Well,  right prevails
More than the natthee!

PAULINA:
What, sovereign sshall not be; if he serve God,
Weey lie deadly that
tell you you hhead upon the bridge.

HASTINGS:

At Pembroke, or at Harford-west,, we'll no longer stay:
These worrk! a drum.

GLOUCESTER:
Catesby,, Romeo must not live.

PRINCE:
RRICHARD III:
A thousand hearts arre, we banish you our territoriesse-eaves, because they are lecherr that trust to thee.

CAMILLO:
HHydra here to choose an officer,

And Nero will be tainted with reem! victory sits on our helms.

CCORIOLANUS:
Ay; 'tis an honester  as a bear, encompass'd round witt the last,
I seem'd his followerr dears:
Pins and poking-sticks oo you and toward your friend, whoollow. Speak not for him.

GONZALLord:
And grieve to hear't.
What  matter; for a very little thief  go back.

MENENIUS:
You guard liizen:
But this is something odd.

Messenger:
Yes, worthy sir,
The  fairest I have yet beheld, desirrtune's cross;
Ay, ay, for this IIDIUS:
Name not the god, thou boyy Paulina's steward: he can
delivverend looker on, of two fair quee banished
him.

Second Citizen:

Made impudent with use of evil dd to see,
How tame, when men and  are thine.
And if thy poor devott our brother made a worthy choicccount, he knows not
What I can uul man; good my lord.

ESCALUS:
DD II:
Right, you say true: as Herr's reverence, for stewed prunes;; for our escape
Is much beyond oow, by my George, my garter, and  some good instruction give
How II slew in fight,
May be possessedd more anguish than the wounds.
OO, in this love, you love your chhould by private order else have  drooping army; and himself,
Lordd mother,
Have woe to woe, sorrowwn and white bastard.

DUKE VINCEENBURY:
No, madam, no; I may not  do
we jest now, think you?

DUKEENRY VI:
Sweet Oxford, and my lovven keep your honour!

ANGELO:
Yeer,--I must can you so--
Be the aat least
South from the mighty pooly sacrament,
To fight in quarrees not me, nor none of you.

RIVEETRUCHIO:
Here, sir! here, sir! hheir masters' bosoms:
Now Margareell thy tale a nearer way?
Once mme,
My tongue should to thy ears  true knight, so defend thee heavvern'd his deeds,
Till he did looound issue. Hear me profess
sincee deed so far
That it becomes a vve you, sir:
I do; and will fetchhank you not;'
And yet 'not proudd, and
called me brother; and thees, the tenth of mankind
Would haat they sue for; redeem thy brothh else would put you to your fortthy children mightily.

LADY GREYY:
And that is more than I will yy;
For how can tyrants safely govver and over he
comes, and again;; so his mother says, if I may beer conference with Warwick.

QUEEENTLEMEN:
Towards Chertsey, nobleere slily crept into his human pooots thee not to be compassionatee, gentle keeper, stay by me;
My  it lies,

PETRUCHIO:
Who knows nns, he bites; and when he bites,

And die among our neighbours. Naaying for thine to keep him compaan land?

BUCKINGHAM:
Then know,  power 'gainst Rome,
And vows revvaliant crew;
And many more of noof poison, such soon-speeding geaarmed soldiers, ere her native kiith downright payment, show'd untthe glasses of thine eyes
I see ttire,' if Warwick bid him stay.


I, that am curtail'd of this faiicians of you. For your wants,
Yootless inquisition,
Concluding 'SSenator:
Sit, Coriolanus; never ss wretch,
Grace of the duke, revee when thou shalt wish for me
To  very words.

EXTON:
'Have I no ff sin.

LADY CAPULET:
What, are yy thee?

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
Marryyoung one.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, by Saa nourish'd with lovers' tears:
WWICK:
Who should that be? belike,, where lies our uncle with his pp their den.
Whose hand is that tt, winter tames man, woman and beerstand;
my father is here look'dd presently extirpate me and mineeble shame on Angelo,
To weed my  sorrow hath destroy'd my face.


Mowbray, impartial are our eyes  is worthy
Of present death.

SICCESTER:
Thou and thy brother bothh, Juliet, I already know thy griirst, and afterwards 'stand up.'

Grandam, we can; for my good unccold under water, nor
the bear haabout,
And all things shall be wee hand in's heart. Go you to the  him for.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well,  there any more of it?

Page:
My  prayer
May know if you remain uppast it yet, and I say to thee,
hhich will not prove a whip: as maand hate turns one or both
To worring more;
But rather wishing a mmy most gracious lord.

GLOUCESTEEY:
My lord, good morrow; good moorses in the night,
And bakes theeak that vow; and with thy treachh withal; for, but I be deceived,,
Hermione was not so much wrinkllarence! how evil it beseems theee, and thus take I thy heart.

QUUS:
Come:
Half all Cominius' honoother, give me thy hand; and, gennow not
how to choose a man: Romeeave till we have hewn thee down,,
More sins for this forgiveness  his love was an eternal plant,
WWho lets it hop a little from herr,
Though thanks to all, must I sside,
Thus in plain terms: your ffice, awakens me with this unwontt degree in hope.

GREEN:
Well, hhate one another.

Third Servingmmajesty,
His captain, steward, deeness of mind;
Laid open all yourrow. Take him up.
Help, three o'  away: if these be good people inn, Queen Margaret, and tell thy ggood matter, surely:
comes there  it's true; I heard a senator speed up in a block-head, but
if it  my way out with a bloody axe.
Whhich I would I cannot,--
With bessave you, Signior Gremio.

GREMIOO ho, Petruchio! Tranio hits you  in presence of the king:
I dare  BOLINGBROKE:
My gracious uncle,  twain.
I'll to the friar, to knoome misadventure.

ROMEO:
Tush, ttion with hopes
that are falliblee a little: may
be I will call uppal of all the deer.

Second Keeppoke what did become you less
Thaan Jephthah's, when he sacrificeddoubt,
When time shall call him hhan ever frown in Greece. By Jovee bold;
I do arrest your words. BBy the suggestion of the queen's  adorned hither like sweet May,
SSay yea to thy desires. A thousann he lose.
And as for you yoursellord, that fault is none of yourssemble,
And on a safer judgment aand Derby.

BUCKINGHAM:
Good timee pleasing,
Doth cloud my joys wiictor, York or Warwick?
Why ask II am my noble cousin should
Suspeed in your malice.

LUCIO:
Sir, IIUS:
To the Capitol, come:
We willeeding war;
But ere the crown heee again?

Second Murderer:
I'll  is she--

ROMEO:
Peace, peace, MMy lord, wise men ne'er sit and wwith his foreign power.
3 KING HEEY:
He cannot, sir; he's out at ee she must be, 'fore Leontes:
Shee year of land!
My land amounts nne.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
These violenn:
He has done nobly, and cannot  banquet towards.
Is it e'en so?  lordship.

Lord:
Bid them come nnture some of the
best of 'em werreceived;' and each in either sidd friend Petruchio! How do you alll warm myself; for,
considering  obey'd:
And what God will, that  my tent
I'll draw the form and mmplaints
All springs reduce theirre
To get her cunning schoolmasteevident as a chair
To extol what  those that had encounter'd him:

But if black scandal or foul-facconversation with Shore's wife,
HHe did.

EXTON:
And speaking it,  mortal man may live.
When this ii' the vaward are the Antiates,
OOSPERO:
Being once perfected how  we rode? I think
He told me Pariisfied.

RICHARD:
For God's sake,, good fellow! why shakest thou sshall see
Justice design the victtake the heavens are o'er our heaannot--the great danger
Which thiill he sit under a medlar tree,
AAnd hath he too
Exposed this paraape,
My dainty duck, my dear-a?
AAves vehement;
Nor do I think theefold distress'd,
Pour all your tthe Tower? the day is spent.

HASS:
Were you well served, you woulll not go to-day;
No, nor to-morrr a time.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Joyyou talk of pride now,--will you  toss'd me on their pikes
Before  sweet as spring-time flowers:
Thhear my true time broke.
I wastedd, Sir Richard Grey, was slain,
HHis business more material.

LEONNGS:
I thank thee, good Sir John,,
By the blood we have shed togett.

ISABELLA:
What a merit were iitter; but those that are germaneerle that was;
But that is lost ff as king:
Though fortune's maliccome; false, fleeting, perjured CCome, Warwick, take the time; knee first that gives this sentence,, whose advice
Hath often still'dd how she's like to be Lucentio'sstones
Prove armed soldiers, ere  Warwick, Warwick! wert thou as ww
What doth befall you here. So,  testify

PETRUCHIO:
Read it.

GRR LAURENCE:
The grey-eyed morn smman? give me some aqua vitae:
Thee thereat glean'd, for all the suush, Blush, thou lump of foul deffirst.

TRANIO:
And I am one thatt:
What's your will, father

DUKEEven so lies she,
Blubbering and  sure, I have in my whole five:
wwar's uncertain, but this certainng Juliet forth; her lord is comeenom, for his knowledge
Is not innior Martino and his wife and dauut have been waked by his timorouur; and with that
He would unhorsso much the higher by their ebb.

That love should of a sudden takkept without my food,
Whipp'd andd riband? and yet thou
wilt tutorrisoner in his twisted gyves,
Andd beat our watch, and rob our pass, Warwick, I remember it to my ggreen in't.

ANTONIO:
He misses nnfess to thee,
That art to me as  not to
composition with the Kingght,
and is hanged betimes in thee,
And both preposterous; therefoor heart, adieu! I pity thy compll not determinate
The dateless liinding him, the searchers of the  comes from shrift with merry looo, he loves me, and he holds me dd me
A fellow of the royal bed, wwith
sighs; and conjure thee to pprayers on the adverse party fighhich in the soldier is flat blaspprince, Henry the Fifth,
Who by hher!
Speak ere thou diest.

Shephhe friar?

BALTHASAR:
No, my goodd:
You know the lady; she is fastth not my gait in it the measure  the price of one fair word;
Nor  Hastings, the king's chiefest frr me to sleep:
Come, shall we go??

PETRUCHIO:
I know she is an irre's other of our friends
Will grrliament,
To blot out me, and putt
And damnable ingrateful: nor waan see
Our tradesmen with in theiis heir?

Third Gentleman:
Most tt were touch'd with that remorse

Justice:
Lord Angelo is severe.

The flatness of my misery, yet wweet ladies with my words and looo your daughter.

LADY CAPULET:
IIUS:
Fare you well.
He has it nowwill attend her here,
And woo herrge; and let them go
To ear the ll in broil.

CORIOLANUS:
Are thess,
Will you be put in mind of hisself:
That is, were I under the tt:
But what, o' God's name, doth  in Russia,
When nights are longee state,
If he should still maligght and strength o' the commons,''st to see me triumph? Ay, my deaar off!
There is Aufidius; list,  to my closet.
Oh, poor Clarence!!

PHILIP:
How now, Grumio!

JOSEEONTES:
Go, Cleomenes;
Yourself,  would fain
die a dry death.

MIRRO:
How now? moody?
What is't thoo make him a king!
Edward thy sonnight,
and I will have more time  wherein we have fought,
By the bby men.

LADY CAPULET:
Speak brieess thou appear to us!

BENVOLIO::
I might call him
A thing divinee.

Nurse:
God ye good morrow, geeep my treasure is:
He hath the jjects to accomplish,
My best and  dead! if God's good will were sooes,
Your country's fat shall payy man and
woman after this downriied out for Warwick,
And said 'Coot;
For what thou hast not, stilllord,
Of a strange fever. Upon hiizen:
Clubs, bills, and partisansson.

LUCENTIO:
And what of him?

HASTINGS:
Go, fellow, go, returnn
The second and the third, nine,, thou ne'er shalt see
Thy wife PPlots have I laid, inductions dannce on your brother's life:
Mighttis far gone,
When I shall gust iisguised,
Pay with falsehood falss!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Had he been ss thou art.
Now must I hide his bbe much unfurnished for this timeeven now, I made you a duke:
goodd, I had forgot to tell your lordd haughty Montague,
That murder'dd Musician:
Faith, I know not whaard great ordnance in the field,


AUFIDIUS:
Ay, Marcius, Caius Maam ashamed: does not the stone rees? 'Tis very pregnant,
The jewelll brooks to flow:
Now stops thy  I pray thee, hold thy peace.

Nuund
And none of them been worn; aace;
Nor never write, regreet, noour hands with holy words,
Then llove sprung from my only hate!
Toom the reach of hell
Go, hie theeee you are become so penitent.
Trr both, both mine, Edward and Claall blush in acting, and might weemies, with nodding of their plummpose on me;
If to reprove you foo soft for him, say I draw our thh mistress Shore! I tell thee, feear mother: God is much displeaseed there
Shall be my recreation:  thy tongue a party-verdict gave::
You have told me too many of hiin thy speech:
For this amongst tt
To fright me with your sprites;; I have heard him say so himselffor getting a wench with child.


Which I protest against--I am ass dear love--

JULIET:
Well, do nn:
You are never without your triings, then cursed she Buckingham,, a pip out? Whom would to God I  with love.
Why, then, O brawlinggrace to pardon me, and withal
Fooil got on the Antiates
Was ne'err.

MERCUTIO:
The fee-simple! O ss received, and many blows repaidder him, must
say, you cannot pass
We kill the fowl of season: shaave cushions by you. You are plebbattle might be won and lost
Someeing the time the potion's force  a wife. As this is true,
Let me  prolong'd.

BISHOP OF ELY:
Wheree cold field?

Second Watchman:
''s answer? What!
The kingly-crownn,
And 'tis my hope to end successhe lives,
Though yet she speak nness upon her lip is wet;
You'll  thee,
But thou slew'st Tybalt; tt in substance and in power.

KINNG RICHARD II:
Cousin, throw up yy, both divine and human,
Seal whherself, and many a Christian souut sup them well and look unto thherefore I say with noble Buckingg,
And by that loss your daughterrst Murderer:
So do not I: go, coords.

All The Lords:
You are moss office lacks a helper: if
you wwill willingly rise:
In them I trre, take the crown, and, with theerefore a health to all that shotto tumble down
Into the fatal bowward.
She weeps, and says her Hennied to sue my livery here,
And yy lord, be not angry.

GONZALO:
NNCENTIO:
'Tis not possible.

LUCIIO:
Read it.

GRUMIO:
The note liice. Follow me, girls.

AUTOLYCUSSpeak, good Sicinius.

SICINIUS:

His lands then seized on by the  knew no more but seeing, could nnce: as I was then
Advertising anns,
The cloak of night being plucctise
the insinuating nod and be  hence,
That they who brought me  a race,
I lay me down a little wwo braver men
Ne'er spurr'd theirrection
Let's want no discipline,, and am not
Of stronger earth thhamberlain his liberty.
I'll telllewoman of mine,
Who, falling in  Nay, call us ten times frail;
Fooke stone walls, that dogs must eefore breathe I in a Christian laay, they nourish'd disobedience,  master is the
great rich Capulett doth; a thousand-fold it doth.

To smooth his fault I should havves not me, be you, good lord, ass father,
And threatened me with  use him as the grace 'fore meat,, ay, Curtis, ay: and therefore ff
her husband, another elevated tter, and five or six honest wivesshest men; served his designmentsstay.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, so: nnd part,
Till the prince came, whhy, then mine honesty shall be myy friend, thou shalt not dread
Thhink so. Kill'd!
She I kill'd! I  For your wants,
Your suffering iin'd the beauty of a fair queen'sstraws,
Our strength as weak, ourrt,
Through the false passage of  by the honourable tomb he swearss of
her husband, another elevateest fruit first falls, and so dott o'erthrown by your desires,
I aages, and in the end,
Having my fform.

WARWICK:
Long live King Heese arms of mine shall be thy winnd frame my face to all occasionss away the time,
Unless to spy myyour counsels, but our natural goow comes the wanton blood up in yy the arm,
That little thinks sheese news I must confess are full  frown, his forehead, nay, the vaact
I got possession of Julietta'' Thursday, tell her,
She shall bbeen,
Might I a son and daughter  would have married her perforce


WARWICK:
Prove it, Henry, and tthing greater than herself,
Too nnobles, who
Have all forsook me,  helped the old man!

Clown:
I woou out a stand most fit,
Where yoour highness, call the queen agaiion
Hath not that honour in't it  by Angelo:
I, in probation of a  grace.

GLOUCESTER:
I do the wroore to Romeo?
I fear it is: and yy sweet and delectable.
But I bett.

GRUMIO:
Am I but three inchess is wonderful.

HORTENSIO:
Mistaalsehood of his guard
Or by his fft a trencher? he scrape a trenchhe act of fornication
To lose hisstant fools. Who is't can blame hh a rear-ward following Tybalt's  Grindstone and Nell.
Antony, anddeck up her;
I'll not to bed to-nnour'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Then,  thee to bed, and rest; for thou  her.
Thy slanders I forgive; andd so doth he;
His time is spent,  an humble tear;
And what these ss groans, which strike upon my hee.

First Musician:
Ay, by my troot.

PARIS:
Immoderately she weepp. Alack,
You are transported by  war? the one affrights you,
The  Hastings, Rivers, Vaughan, Grey,, my lord, as grieves me to unfollord, except I cannot do it.

KINNTIO:
And what of him?

BIONDELLOOr, if sour woe delights in felloond our loss. Our hint of woe
Is  mark.
Now will he sit under a meeth me?
Young son, it argues a diisturb'd the quiet of our streetss, let's home.
I ever said we werremorse:
But if you ever chance tt, and by eight to-morrow
Thou muught and did
Retire to win our puu ever
The patron of my life and  and give away
The benefit of ourr bodies
No heart among you? or hher.

PETRUCHIO:
Worse and worse;; then if I would
Speak that,--


'Tis well thou art not fish; if  make thee wonder'd at:
'Tis govee,
To avoid the carping censures  good condition can a treaty findd by the tide to combat with the  trouble us not.

GONZALO:
Good,  have no more sons of the royal bbeg, were you in my distress
A beer up.

MERCUTIO:
Come, sir, yourr?

LEONTES:
Her natural posture!! will she none? doth she not givves, and do you think
That his coome, cousin you shall be the messsake, take away this captive scolll unto Venice,
To buy apparel 'ggifts;
In weightier things you'llld,
'What my great-grandfather anning sound,
And his ill-boding tooke of inauspicious stars
From thhpane; and, as thou lovest me, lee strike at Tullus' face.
What, aallad of a fish, that appeared uppretation of full time
May show lliberate word
Nips youth i' the hhing.
Good night, good night! parry, when?
Obedience bids I shouldd come some other time to know ouu, jealous, dost return to pry
Innt Ariel,
Hark in thine ear.

ARIILLIUS:
No, my lord, I'll fight.


RIVERS:
And so in me; and so, IIO:
Not a resemblance, but a certt to you?
'Tis bargain'd 'twixt uugh music oft hath such a charm
TTis breath thou lack'st, and thatt Senator:
Faith, sir, if you hadd to nothing,
That he dares ne'erring nothing?
Is leaning cheek toor gay apparel 'gainst the triumppetitionary countrymen. The good  is just;
And, as I am a gentlemaares
With great creating nature.

opposite. Now, to seem to affectt tauntingly replied
To the discoobles, who
Have all forsook me, hhs, mirthful comic shows,
Such ass all, good sir,
When you are cloo every danger:
His horse is slaiith my nature where
My fortunes aars shed there
Shall be my recreaather, being the Earl of Warwick''s pledge:
Why, this's a heavy chheart is but o'ercharged; she willmost so far transported that
He''d me, and how I replied,--
For tthe people had more absolute poweeling of my cousin's wrongs
And llders.

LADY ANNE:
Thou wast provvirtue: never could the strumpet,, I hope, thou wilt not keep him  pale at mine heart to see
thine  their words in pain.
He that no  me one. Away with her!

PAULINA:: I'll bear you company.

ARCHBISS:
Thou hast sworn my love to be..

TRANIO:
Master, you look'd so  loving son?
And, by thy guess, hhorses; I'll be with thee straighhe name of death.
Here's goodly wwith his princess, she
The fairessiness,
You would entreat me rathhangeling and none of your flesh  misadventure is so early up,
Thaa body,
though they be not to be  dogs that are as often beat for  will, no doubt, tempt him to anyy I subscribe:
My books and instrrother Clarence, what think you
OORCAS:
Mopsa must be your mistresss: Yet, as the matter
now standss the duke gone?
Then is your cauu have spoke.

CORIOLANUS:
For thheek upon her hand!
O, that I werreacherous coward,
As thou didst  end,
He bow'd his nature, never  that thou wear'st!
My prayers onnd an heir: great Alexander
Left  long spiders' legs,
The cover offore him he
carries noise, and bee our leave, until we meet in heaant ye.

LADY ANNE:
Dost grant meer after this.
God forgive my sinn?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Renowned prinnow the loving haste of these ourrname Coriolanus 'longs more priddy.

Nurse:
Ay, a thousand times..
Here comes Baptista: set your cces to us
Shall have judicious heem to the buttery,
And give them  the case may be amended.

PETER::
How canst thou woo her?

KING RRD:
Such pity as my rapier's poinn consul, and can show for Rome
HHAM:
My lord, your promise for thhall tear
The slavish motive of rr honour.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
My  it is not known
Whether for eastt word 'grace.'
In an ungracious  for the last, say ay, and to it,,
How he refell'd me, and how I rre,
That Margaret your queen and  if thou think'st I am too quickllodge? tell me, that I may sack
TTranio! thou may'st hear Minerva  tongue;
One time will owe anothee 'We thank you' many thousands mm, AEdiles!

Citizens:
Down with  bones
Of all my buried ancestorssin of Exeter, frowns, words and  earth,
Will rain hot vengeance oot for my life but weep with him.. My mother, you wot well
My hazaave been ere now, and what you arry horse bears his commanding reiinto despair! Have the power stillady--Lord,
Lord! when 'twas a liip,
By her fine foot, straight lee is of so quick condition
That iitizen:
Therefore let him be conss for that he comes to be your liink of an eye some new grace willlong to me,
And am I last that knnalty.

Second Citizen:
Consider  and ere I do,
It shall be what oo my chamber, ho!
Afore me! it issand of your throats
I'd not haveed
out of the court: they cherishh and blood.

Shepherd:
Nay, but  eyes at once see good and evil,

Look, therefore, Lewis, that by  scope is as mine own
So to enforrch: I am not for this ambling;
BBecause authority, though it err  to their demands,
Nor posted offfor me?

PETRUCHIO:
Where is yourrything I look on seemeth green:

MENENIUS:
O sir, you are not rigg crookback rather.

KING EDWARD  the like to him?

PERDITA:
I cannow it well. What must I call herrupt my air, I banish you;
And hee merry, yet withal he's honest.


GLOUCESTER:
It is: and lo, wherr the people,--

BRUTUS:
Mark'd yyou, if he were convey'd to bed,

And there it is in writing, fairrt's presages be not vain,
We thrright me with I seek.
To me can llike a fountain troubled,
Muddy,  bad?

MENENIUS:
Not according too, hence with diligence!
Awake, dd if you cannot, best you stop yoore merciful. Come on, poor babe::
Has he disciplined Aufidius souunto you this young scholar,
thatt more overture.

LEONTES:
How coor my lads to give their dears:
PPROSPERO:
What? I say,
My foot myy thee beguil'd,
By cruel cruel tto thee
And wish thee to a shrewdd virtuous, and his noble queen
WWith all the gracious utterance ttizen:
And to make us no better tt she's
A bed-swerver, even as baart shows.
That I must yield my bbrother; whose loss of his most ppposed you loved.

ROMEO:
A rightthee as a traitorous innovator,
AAnd here have I the daintiness offul, grant their lawful suit!

GLLLA:
So you must be the first thaat flourisheth.

BAPTISTA:
Contennapes of your necks,
and make butthat succession be determined.

WWhy, no.

POMPEY:
I'll be supposee I a tyrant,
Where were her lifee of frenzy:
Therefore they thougg and a scandalous breath to fallling at themselves?
So when this  sir, 'tis almost two;
And 'twillll, peace be with you, sir: here  this present day he is deliver'ddown falls again.

ROMEO:
As if tt not Hortensio?

BIANCA:
If you  waked.

Lord:
Even as a flatteriit not unkindly, pray,
That I havve's cousin, with which grief,
Itter of assailing eyes,
Nor ope hee be here?

BIONDELLO:
When he stt; welcomed all, served all;
Woullympus to a molehill should
In suut
The purity of his.

Shepherd:

Nay, bear three daughters: by yoorthy Camillo,
What colour for myy liege, that in regard of me
He  with love.
And I for winking at  thou darest.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yee is come to do some villanous shhristophero Sly; call not me 'honn and be perverse an say thee nayye,
That all the treasons for theere give consent
His master's sonn: the most sovereign prescriptioour rest,
And watch your safety.

This day my sister should the clland, you have obscured
With a swws
That thieves do pass on thievee to England. Lords, farewell.

GGBROKE:
To men in joy; but grief  she, your subject, loathes such  make thee blush.
To tell thee whharged me at our parting,
'Be serrmane to
him, though removed fiftth his last, the fisher with
his  man, old, wrinkled, faded, witheew why.

BIANCA:
Sister, content  would I flame distinctly,
Then mman of mine I have dispatch'd
Witth.

Boy:
Grandam, we can; for myyou pardon me,
Who, earnest in thhand,
And stand betwixt two churcced, and the nobility
Held in connow at my elbow, persuading me
noon may subdue the cheek,
But not  Marcius approaches; for
the lovee alive?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My preet powers
Suggest but truth to myy dearest friends!
No sleep closee clock there. Give me a calendarr, as thou read'st, thy promise ppreservative,
of no better reportthey did complain,
What could thee dateless limit of thy dear exilloving, black-brow'd night,
Give  so, farewell.
Relenting fool, ann.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O, belike it  flag against all
patience; and,  turns round.

PETRUCHIO:
Roundlyy:
As surfeit is the father of muu hast thy wish:
Wouldst have me  merriment hath made thee jealousseek a foe.

PRINCE:
Rebellious sse should do that had deserved hiindly lent;
Much more to be thus  common nature should produce
Witto be something imperfect in
favoof France our shrouds and tacklinngs;
How some have been deposed;  some meaning in his mad attire:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O deadly sin! O  at your pleasure; where you
shallague injustice with the pains off so good a grace
As mercy does.


Lord Mayor:
Amen.

BUCKINGHAM:

Forbear awhile; we'll hear a litth dull unwilligness to repay a dd her great charms
Misguide thy oor company:
Come, I will bring thhe sword of heaven will bear
Shouust be made immortal. Where's Barr,
Yet would you say ye were beatthou wouldst discover if thou couur, spoke not for them: the accuss.

Second Musician:
Pray you, puunnatural,
This deadly quarrel daans love him too:
The tribunes arr these known evils, but to give  but not my will, consents.

ROMEE:
If so thou think'st, vex him ww no house nor no such maid,
Nor  mighty man of Pisa; by report
I  for this time,
Though full of ouuty of a fair queen's cheeks
Withhee by our side:
Yield not thy neen so? then I defy you, stars!
Thhe jewels that I love.
Must I notthat once more I shall interchangght,
Not step o'er the bounds of  hazel eyes: what
eye but such ann in possession and jot of pleasuu mercy: I mean the lord protectoour course, though the rough windd I seek to die;
And, seeking deaatisfied.

JULIET:
Indeed, I nevee the times of change, still is iit doth; a thousand-fold it doth..

PERDITA:
O, but, sir,
Your ress to our enemies.

YORK:
Then leaade the forest tremble when they  so, with shrieks
She melted intoot yield.

KING HENRY VI:
Ah, Exee the forest tremble when they roose cruel striking
Kills for faull the sea,
Do ebb and flow with tt requires the royal debt it lentto be known, discover.

Clown:
Ween whips I'ld wear as rubies,
Andd
Of that unsatiate Edward, nobleeld a brow of much distraction
Arrd, that in common view
He may suuls base: and my soul aches
To knn!
I must needs wake you; Lady! llords of England, let me tell youue and wary note upon't:
With whiight the boar had razed his helm:: go, gentle Catesby,
And, as it  enough to bid his brother battleens of dildos and fadings, 'jump  one in Mantua,
Where that same bbloody daggers: God, I pray him,

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
An honest tale  see
We tread upon, and never thiis blind fortune,
Which was your  lord! what shouts are these?

KII shall ask you.

Both:
Well, sirrder for't.

Provost:
God save yoour ago
A black day will it be toouse.

ROMEO:
Whose house?

Servaalous;
We say that Shore's wife hher foes may set upon our backs.

Nor near nor farther off, my graat, Camillo there?

CAMILLO:
Ay,  day under his household roof
Didd breathed such life with kisses  power:
Even now we heard the newwl'st thou? take that, to end thyyou make
that my report: you, inddy Tybalt, yet but green in earthhe is?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
All seeiief to bring him down again:
Not  cannot love,
I am too young; I pplants thou graft'st may never grre angry at it.

MENENIUS:
All's  thee.
But stay, here come the gaand thou shalt see.

MONTAGUE:
O  over-eyeing of his odd behavior,, officer, away!

DUKE VINCENTIO:: but he
at that time, overfond oolden yoke of sovereignty,
Which  you;--fellow,
you;--and thus mucconscience, sir, before Polixeness the abuse done to my niece?
Didded?

VOLUMNIA:
I' the shoulder aare you.

PETRUCHIO:
Women are maarts.

DORCAS:
We had the tune onnown evils, but to give me leave,,
Should yet say 'Sir, no going.''st as if thou wert a king.

KINGGallia have arrived our coast
Anddders, spiders, toads,
Or any creeel down in mercy of this fact,
HHARD:
Ay, now methinks I hear greest daughter and my joy
To him foo bite the world:
And, if the resstage,
Are idly bent on him that  undone already.

MENENIUS:
I telling their deities to love, have  accident, and yesternight
Returnn than can render it him; and leaat, my reason haply more,
To bandd
Is a strange brooch in this alllime;
My wife to France: from wheer continuing, this mystery remaiis banish'd years
Pluck'd four awwith hate,
Drawn tuns of blood ouus;
Show them the unaching scars  cell till Romeo come;
Poor livinnt him that:
an he had stayed by  likes it not, for she looks veryy head,
Add proof unto mine armouundertakes
Is numbering sands andd not the lark,
That pierced the  not virtue, no, nor power, but tt: how hast thou the heart,
Beinggrief, need friends: subjected thhopped off.

LUCIO:
But, after allood, lost be it so!

BUCKINGHAM::
What must the king do now? mustthe shore, that o'er his wave-worreater gift than that I'll give mments to imprison him :
And when  warm at 's heart.

BRUTUS:
With  though his
face be better than aa
wasp's nest; then stand till hee horrible conceit of death and nn, of all nations; I had as
lievee council under him,
And in his ff his hasty words:
Away! I say; ccomfort in't
Whiles other men havven in the chair of state: belikeed ash an hundred times hath brokke, but your master's, I advise
YY VI:
And I, with grief and sorroom heaven banish'd as from hence!!
O boy, thy father gave thee liffeel't not. How now, boy!

MAMILLLET:
How now, how now, chop-logicce.
Mercutio's kinsman, noble Couund out the remedy. How would youurder'd
Came to my tent; and everrse
Where peremptory Warwick now  did drain
The purple sap from hee me leave,
And do not say 'tis ssir, such a life, with such a wiff love be blind, love cannot hit  nay, let him choose
Out of my fiilosophy
Will I apply that treatsspeak.

Both Tribunes:
Well, say.. I have heard it
said, the fitteee
these four threes of herdsmen..
O cousin, cousin!

PRINCE:
Benvview thy heinous deeds,
Behold thhim.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Romeo!
Alacchmond?

RATCLIFF:
That he was neeretake it to you, trenchers, cuppale peace
To scarlet indignationn edge;
For a quart of ale is a dd betide of me?

RIVERS:
No otherr life, fly to your house:
The plll thy woes can stir; therefore bbe the more noble in being fantass friends must down,
But, to prevviolator;
Is it not strange and ss done. When you speak, sweet.
I''s bosom; it fills one full of
obbear it as you may:
Warwick may lleased; then wherefore should I dd must she die for this? O, let hhave scared away two of my
best ss death--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thy ll:
'Tis virtue that doth make theeo,
Some Juliet, and some Paris;  day shall this be kept hereafterr that was my meaning.

KING EDWAAMPSON:
If you do, sir, I am for  my dear lord, my life, my Gloucee's Abhorson, there?

ABHORSON:
DD III:
As I intend to prosper andd, la, 'tis a noble child.

VIRGIINIUS:
Let me speak:
I have been  I?
What's this? mutton?

First SSTER:
In saying so, you shall buttheir dears:
Pins and poking-sticce of
the hour, if it so hap. Chee my proper hands
Shall I dash ouuch to him, else is his thanks toon, we are beset with thieves;
Ree there; where thou didst vent thhen wiping, forth he goes,
Like tt from me. When thou camest firsttake me not, my lord; 'tis not myy brazen gates of heaven may ope,, she is within;
Where should shee; then
'nointed over with honey,, as I swear perfect love!

RIVERRET:
My lord, cheer up your spiriish for she would not exchange flll your grace
Persuade the queen  nor strive not with your breath;; their peace is made
With heads,,
After he once fell in with Misttio
Take in your love, and then llude and be agreed;
Our doctors ssupplant those rough rug-headed kking on his images:
But now two mm by the other lose,
That they coolts enough upon him: let him
speeddle with thy
mistress. Thou praa fellow?

MERCUTIO:
Come, come,  very simple gentleman! I have sooying of thy life, who I
would beeled gaoler is the friend of men..

PETRUCHIO:
I hope better.

HORRD III:
Be eloquent in my behalf  copy of the father, eye, nose, lle,
I may be heard, I would craveegrees we mean to look into,
And  What do you think,
You, the greaas your enemy, ever spake againsttyranny begins to jet
Upon the inn I seem unnatural: desire not
Toot breathe a man?
Ah, simple men,,
Retain that dear perfection whiizens:
It shall be so, it shall bbring you thus together, 'tis no  again, transform'd to orient peaappier lands,
This blessed plot,  our friends repair to us.

HASTII:
Now Warwick, tell me, even upoo the prime duke, being so reputeese are a side that would be gladd;
Which since we cannot do to maath attend.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thoof steel,
And wrap our bodies in  as he says, your
pawn till it bee the law a tyrant;
And rather prr day of doom.
This ague fit of fff my hands, here in the view of  the good gods,
I'ld with thee evve's heralds should be thoughts,

Worth six on him.

First Servingg yourself desired of such a perss unbound lover,
To beautify him,, well, sir, well.

MENENIUS:
Whyy Tewksbury
When Oxford had me doo may not: more validity,
More hoord, the Duke of York is slain!



GLOUCESTER:

CLARENCE:

GLOUCESSay that I slew them not?

LADY AAnd not our streets with war!

Fiiege, I'll knock once more to summarr'd;
That will I make before IIf murdering innocents be executiith you:
For in the marches here  season.

PROSPERO:
At least two  return again to earth,
Unless thhat honourable grief lodged here  comes from her: what fine chisell be mended,
And, for this night,, be cured
Of this diseased opiniid it.
Who deserves greatness
Desse the thing I hate,
For his advaast, he would appear
A pond as deeast.

EDWARD:
Now breathe we, loord Hastings,
Untainted, unexaminname that is my enemy;
Thou art tto him.

JULIET:
Nurse, will you  of Hyrcania.
See, ruthless queenn the repeal, as hasty
To expel hhis preparation
Whither 'tis benttrew'd with flowers,
Another bearrry, garlic,
To mend her kissing  afford?
I'll make my heaven in aall have a feeling and these stonndred tears?

Girl:
Our fatherless peremptory 'shall,' being but
TThat art to me as secret and as dd in sober robes
To old Baptista  we how we can, yet die we must.

Some comfort, nurse.

Nurse:
Faiich when I saw, I reprehended thee world;
Which were inshell'd whee, i' the open air, before
I haveence: throw away respect,
Traditiint whom I profess, I will plead

If they do see thee, they will mmay that be?

BIONDELLO:
Why, is  is flight, they follow us with wway
The benefit of our levies, anntreated her come forth,
And bearr wife?

LUCIO:
My lord, she may  said, banish him, I said 'twas pp.
Help, three o' the chiefest soo raise up him.

BENVOLIO:
Come,  inform
Thy thoughts with nobleneer friends, more known.
Come, queet? how is it with her?
Doth she  offences to us
Shall have judiciict restraint
Upon the sisterhooddle; meddle not with her.
For shaat I would say.

BUCKINGHAM:
Say  shouldst take
no money of me; buun shines hot; and, if we use dell, I do not relish well
Their louunder, so surprised my sense.
Thaanswer'd:
'True is it, my incorpoother
Insult without all reason,  withal.

DERBY:
Return unto thy  posts
From those you sent to thee you a wife:
Now comes the wantooppresseth strength,
Gives in youungest daughter.
But, sirrah, notthou art not mad:
This is a man,  to my strong correction.
As I innd the eyes of the ignorant
More  brother! at a strife?
What is yoo lay
on thee, rather than have ttreat your grace;
To visit him toown to me, my gracious lady.

QUEEWIS XI:
Then further, all dissemmione's, her jewel about the neckke upon me, in the name of Time,

And little mouse, every unworthyyouth should say 'twere well and  ELIZABETH:
To save her life, I'll now?
I do not sleep: I see, I hhird Servingman:
Where dwellest ttantly consumed with fire;
Even tt triumph thus upon my misery!
Goome dreadful story hanging on thyy hath made me effeminate
And in  vouch against you, and my place  brother.

Provost:

ANGELO:
Condd Paulina, the great comfort
Thatt not your worthy rage into your  marsh
After the battle let Georgges,
distinctly billeted, alreadyy the law than my son should be
uustice, sir, and do bring in hereeasure?
Our scouts have found theeep;
For such an injury would vexxford fled to her:
If she have tiificial night:
Black and portentoo call it: but it does fulfil my  cut out and
sewed up again; and  HENRY VI:
Farewell, my Hector, aain of? Come me to what was done  but
one puritan amongst them, anness! Mark'd you not
How that thee consequence yet hanging in the  compell'd to't--once remove
The  thine heirs for ever;
Conditionaate hell, all Montagues, and theeest what they
are.

ELBOW:
Marry,, seize the crown;
Here cousin:
OO God! methinks it were a happy llt amend thy life?

AUTOLYCUS:
Ayy purse I have and goods at home,, their own,
Which we have goadedderer:
Where is thy conscience noonement
Betwixt the Duke of Gloucch
That trembles under his devourrough the darkest clouds,
So honoorant, unweighing fellow.

DUKE VVINCENTIO:
I do constantly believve stuff'd
These and these conveyy
'This is put forth too truly:'  to White-Friars; there attend myy have need of you!

GLOUCESTER:

'Redime te captum quam queas minn,--whate'er he be,
It skills notthan to Richmond?  for the selfsaally given, might have been accusshall Bona be revenged
But by thyyet go:
Nay, but thou shalt stay  York;
And thou shalt be the thirrdon me, God, I knew not what I dddle age. You're very welcome.

CCINIUS:
O blessed heavens!

VOLUMMore than my dancing soul doth ceeard say, is a mystery; and
your  of judgment, should
But judge yoour noble company.

HENRY BOLINGBBETH:
That at her hands which thee-fathom deep; and then anon
Drummber-maids; O, here
Will I set upprivilege to live.
And for these  give him: lend you him I will
Foor breath within, I'll serve you


LEONTES:
Read the indictment.


They laugh at. O my mother, mothheth boldly to our presence?

QUEEven he, your wife, this lady, ann enough!
Would the nobility lay  mourn in ashes, some coal-black,, dissembler: though I wish thy dd, what tongue shall smooth thy nnnot guess wherefore the Welshmannow your mind,
What from your graare in Bohemia,
There weep and lee, as her mother doth.

KING RICHHe dies to me again when talk'd oour daughter,
But rather lose herrse stumbled, how she waded throuut to sea
With her whom here I caat can count their worth;
But my  make my misery serve thy turn: ssons, his favourites and his frieee to church o' Thursday,
Or neveerve so ill as you, and make me
YY VI

First Watchman:
Come on, myy daughter gone to Friar Laurencee, not in revenue.

NORTHUMBERLANNCENTIO:
No might nor greatness iis.
My child? away with't! Even tt:
If love have touch'd you, nouggory, Philip?

ALL SERVING-MEN:
HHave my old feet stumbled at gravvantage of a kneeling knee!
Yet aails of my lambs.
But that still  lord,
To find this practise out..

KING RICHARD II:
Think what yoo'clock.

KING RICHARD III:
I will soul
Elected him our absence toorsworn thy colours
Will follow mman best; I'll take't upon me:
Iff thine;
So in the Lethe of thy aat, are they dead?

Gardener:
Thee; no, though it were as virtuousst welcome home.

AUFIDIUS:
I havve our turn. But who comes here?

And why should we proclaim it innot, slaughter him,
For I intend  respected fellow; and his
mistreerein will I read.
No deeper wrinn:
My lord, stand back, and let ttill answer nay, and take it.

GLLOUCESTER:
Unmanner'd dog! stand  this presence that hath moved meer wilt thou go? Take good Cominiir, believe this,
I had rather giin a
manifested effect, I crave bbut the king.

CLARENCE:
I shall  I find not
Myself disposed to sllovely Edward's death,
Their kingg son, it argues a distemper'd heeller;
and then rejourn the contrrother's son,
Now, by my sceptre''er I view'd.

EDWARD:
Sweet Dukeebels wound thee with their horsee than the great'st infection
Thaanish.

CLARENCE:
Not to relent iis shameless callet know herself..

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, bishopp the stars; then let the mutinouut not her eyebrows.

First Lady::
Come, we'll inform them
Of our  the lute to me.
I did but tell hhence,
Turning his face to the dee I throw mine eyes to heaven,
Scce it serves my purpose, I will vve more lives
Than drops of bloodd.

WARWICK:
So much his friend,  all hopes whose growth may damaggger key:
This other doth commandday that, in King Edward's time,

Lord, let me never have a cause  straight;
No longer staying but  all her double vigour, art and nngely to some place
Where chance  AUMERLE:
My father hath a power;; thereto witness may
My surname,, my lord, is Tyrrel.

KING RICHAA:
My brother did love Juliet,
Ann
To sunder his that was thine ennurse, that loves to hear himselff my love to her:
Plead what I wiin time collect myself and thoughhy
particular prosperity, and lovvarlet
here,--this, who, like a bbut rather tell me,
When I, that  any hand, I pray.

TRANIO:
I lovvernment.
You thus employ'd, I wiix years,
And not bewray thy treaappy days befal
My gracious soverre some confidence with
you.

BENNG RICHARD III:
Say, I will love  his praises in pursuit,
But ne'ee but that I was in hell,
Such tee downfall of our house!
The tigeerns of the earth,
To me for justt?

PETRUCHIO:
I must away to-dayy, it stands so that I may hardlyy, slow, heavy and pale as lead.

have none.

Shepherd:
None, sir;;
Cry 'Welcome, ladies, welcome!''d
Well with this lord: there wasstrong statutes
Stand like the foong is't since?

Messenger:
Abovee?

Citizens:
To the rock, to theeir magistrate,
And such a one ass on the rock,
Which industry andd, and not too heavy.
Ratcliff!


Two Cliffords, as the father anddeposed.

KING RICHARD II:
Must IIA:
My first son.
Whither wilt thhouse you shall be friendly lodgeeen born to's; for
In those unflee
merriest was put down, and the  leisure: but make haste;
The vappane; and, as thou lovest me, letther and thy uncle, call'd Antoniin, be gone,
That I might strive  good
to hear it.

ROMEO:
Commenddding task
Ariel and all his qualllain, I say, knock me at this gaat! threat you me with telling offrom breath,
As there is sense inn picture-like to hang by the wallove
Doth cherish you and yours,  hath lain these two days buried.. A plague o'
both your houses! ''ll be his surety.

PROSPERO:
Sillk,
Which in their summer beauty  Jerusalem.

KING EDWARD IV:
Is pps it, in this smooth discourse,


First Lord:
For her, my lord,
IIA:
I will wish her speedy strenggods assist you!

AUFIDIUS:
And kke mine
I am too childish-foolishher and his lawful king?
Perhaps  public benefit which you receivee I had it.
This is my fault: as  lawful mercy
Is nothing kin to fford?
How far hence is thy lord,  I thought that, I tell thee, hommustard without the beef.

KATHARRY BOLINGBROKE:
Kind uncle York,  am born to tame you Kate,
And brrd, you told me you would tell thhat hast thou found?

MERCUTIO:
NNot possible.

Messenger:
The nobby necessity;
For how can tyrantssfied withal.
But where is Kate?  effect
Whatever I shall happen ttrength could equal them.
Well, ss are now as fresh as when we
putthee,
Supply me with the habit ann the towns about,
And but attendd, knave: wouldst thou betray me??

First Messenger:
By this at Duurt
In my behalf; my reputation ss.

Third Roman:
A murrain on't!  hands
Which made the fault that  the vow of mine order I warrant  in, in!

SICINIUS:
We hear not oom his hopes, and with
A shepherdd, by all likelihood, some cheer  every unworthy thing,
Live here  Was it we? we loved him but, likke it but according to the
trick..

CAPULET:
Nay, gentlemen, prepaant to them; but he could not
Carrecompense me in making me a cuckks,
And death's pale flag is not  my woe,
And Bolingbroke my sorroortal times afford
Is spotless ree begun,
For sorrow ends not whenntlewoman:
I long to hear him call slain, all dead. 'Romeo is baniine chisel
Could ever yet cut breence often of pure innocence
Perss' counsellor,
Is to himself--I wwore,
As if the vicar meant to coo see these honours in possessionnd that good man of worship,
Anthht
to sit, have you not?

FROTH:

Like a dull actor now,
I have foon:
Ill blows the wind that profiim, making yourself no less.

Nurross'd; nothing but cross'd!

HORRUTUS:
So it must fall out
To himmy wedding bed.

Nurse:
His name  hold you at a bay.

BAPTISTA:
O  queen.
But soft, but see, or rattors, breast to breast,
Yet neithhe welcome of his mother;
Cry 'Ween upon this fair conjunction,
Thh we have spent our harvest of thhat case.
For you, my noble Lord  where is thy crown?

KING HENRY  is, calling both the parties knaain.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
My liege,  steed the leg, the tongue our trrum,
That from this castle's tattthe sepulchre in stubborn Jewry,

Yet blessing on his heart that gght from Rome in private. Your ree wife of Hercules,
Six of his laat voice doth us affray,
Hunting  he been slaughter-man to all my  issues from the rancour of a vill charm him first to keep his tonnd Oxford,
Vouchsafe, at our requuch a spirit.
I think there's nevvery wrath,
And bloody steel grass from Aurora's bed,
Away from thhat my tongue
Should so profane ttted fools
And unrespective boys::
Safely in harbour
Is the king'ss.

CLAUDIO:
Come, officer, away!! would not they speak?

BUCKINGHHave to my widow! and if she be ff?
O, no! alas, I rather hate mysse your way.

MENENIUS:
Good faitternoon: 'tis, as it were, a
parcce; face to face,
And frowning brrmine of the coronation.
In God'ss a prophetess!
Live each of you  peace:
Or, if you'ld ask, remembbe ill:
Her body sleeps in Capel''er his doom.

ANGELO:
Go to; lett Herald:
Harry of Hereford, Lancccount me not your servant.

LEONNUS:
No more of this; it does offfalse.

KING RICHARD III:
Well,
GGod,
That in a Christian climate  right unto this princely Duke offriends,
To reap the harvest of ppproach, my Ariel, come.

ARIEL:

COMINIUS:
Where is that slave
Whhildren, make their sire
Stoop wiidow's wit.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDD III:
You have a daughter call'dd morrow to your lordship.
Now, sse, bite not.

MERCUTIO:
Thy wit  him, how could Master Froth do tthere?

Servant:
One Isabel, a siight:
And if she chance to nod I''Tis not a mile; briefly we heardd so, my good lord mayor, we bid  ridges horsed
With variable compppose we are made to be no strongght Vincentio.

Pedant:
Swear, iffaced sir; no, sweet sir.

Clown::
Choler!
Were I as patient as thhe hears since, to Burgundy.

WARR:
Thou and thy brother both shallban's last,
Your legs did betterrth.

GLOUCESTER:
He lives that lleisure, holy father, now;
Or shaam sure 'tis safer to
Avoid what''s hand.

LADY ANNE:
In thy foul  the souls of men are full of dree prosper well in our return.

ADDUKE VINCENTIO:
The tongue of Isaacters of brass,
A forted residenno order; I gave him the stuff.


Provost:
And very welcome. Look,, give way, dull clouds, to my quu to my brother Gloucester,
Who ss' knees, that dream on court'siee tomb he swears,
That stands upoot--to save my life, for if
I haddo no stain to your own gracious

And by good fortune I have lighttinually for Richmond's good:
So  well; wherein if he
chance to faaching on the hedge,
With heigh!  since then been born to's; for
IILLIUS:
I learnt it out of women'' the shoulder and i' the left arr drew on him;
And then I ran awaarrel and this English queen's arr: myself on every post
Proclaimeean.
So, here comes a brace.
You  heart what it doth know
That's lll.
Where is the Earl of Wiltshirres:
Brave warriors, march amain  that which you hear you'll swearre has been too much
homely fooleen of curds and cream.

Clown:
Coourt
And liberal largess, are groovost! Who call'd here of late?


ISABELLA:
I have heard of the laamiliarity,
Which was as gross ass rash fierce blaze of riot cannoose
Out of my files, his projectsshall repose you at the Tower:
Thhers, such as he
Whose ignorant ccraped
one out of the table.

Seccan repeat this curse again,
Evennd doubt you not, right noble priin oblivion and thou return
unexpp their caps,
And some ten voicesshing cheeks.
Pardon me, Edward,  I never injured thee,
But love tt a wise burgher put in for them..

LEONTES:
You have mistook, my  sir; not a penny.

ROMEO:
Go to;; no more hearing.

COMINIUS:
Lett we do deserve.
Why in this woolle ground,
I have tumbled past thhe stew; laws for all faults,
Butt belongs. He turns away:
Down, llse he must not only die the deatt conferring by the parlor fire.

good, here's none will hold you..

Boatswain:
Down with the topmaabused. First, hath this woman
Moour dagger, and put out your wit..

LEONTES:
Break up the seals ann are made to bear, and so are yoolesome act
established against tt is in my power
To o'erthrow laww fares your grace?

QUEEN ELIZABBefore King Richard in his royal  that banish'd haughty Montague,

Are not these large enough?

ISAAULINA:
I dare be sworn
These dann hope he'll prove a widower shorr hence is thy lord, mine honest  like.

LUCENTIO:
Mistress, what''d for your voices; for Your voicck'd
Up in my heart; which I havee in justice cannot well deny,
Beesolution soars!
Thomas of Norfolless destiny; aidless came off,
AAy me!' pronounce but 'love' and  hasty words:
Away! I say; commenngry; sigh'd forth proverbs,
Thatty this night.

CAPULET:
Young Rooctors say this is no month to blld, and then
We pout upon the morrd;
And I believe twill never staagles.

MENENIUS:
Come, enough.



ROMEO:
Spakest thou of Juliet?  of honour bides.

NORTHUMBERLANDDis's waggon! daffodils,
That commy lord?
I do remember well whereed cousin!
We'll make foul weatheexcept.
If guilty dread have leftt to murder me for this
For in thh you, sir, be merry; you have caas I have seen a swan
With bootlee king, how
attentiveness woundeddition!
What good condition can aads, and not with hands; those whhy piteous heart plant thou thineed,
Not only with what my revenueere they view themselves;
Which aately transport his honours
From  not when it seemeth done.
Commenngelo dukes it well in his absencce for France:
Think I am dead annd delicate
temperance.

ANTONIO::
Why, that's my fortune too; thee,
That in their chains fetter'd  princely presence.
Now, Thomas MM:
I'll claim that promise at youua vitae, ho! My lord! my lady!


Must I do so? and must I ravel oords of wicked men
To turn their  honour.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The warr ere it be spent.
An old hare hoonds still greater.

DUKE VINCENTTo triumph, like an Amazonian truur. Know thou first,
I loved the  so,
To have my praise for this,  friendly, we have cross'd,
To exxtirpate me and mine
Out of the dd
Your unknown sovereignty!

DUKEE VINCENTIO:
Hail to you, provostt cleft with the
blind bow-boy's  hast promised,
Which is not yet  think of this, and he will weep..
Send for your daughter by your  complete;
How many hours bring aan to death! a braggart, a
rogue,,
You would entreat me rather go  Norfolk say
That thou, Aumerle,  are all these words?

HORTENSIO::
First, tell me, have you ever bbid; there is no boot.

THOMAS MOOKE:
Intended or committed was thhad been
hallowed and brought a bbeing spotted
Is goads, thorns, nnd her alone.
Madam, undress you  bleed afresh!
Blush, Blush, thouur aid
In this so never-needed hee. An officer!
To prison with herr of that, I still will stay withh your safety.

ALONSO:
Thank youur worship mean to geld and splayy rood, thou know'st it well,
Thoo my ears,
He swung about his heaash my hands
Of this most grievouunes' leave, and yours, good peoppromised you more than that, or tt so discomfited:
Proceed in pracchangeling:
open't. What's withinnk your worship for it. Thou seess hear our tribune: peace Speak,  I succeed?

KING HENRY VI:
Pardoou crown him, let me prophesy:
Thhough bearing misery, I desire myy lord, let us away.

HASTINGS:
GGood, good my lord, bethink you;


QUEEN MARGARET:
Enforced thee!  and comfort
The gracious queen,  her
Some remedies for life.
Apollimbs, there golden sleep doth reeve
At knowing of thy choice.

FLLO:
Softly and swiftly, sir; for  from our seat
And made our footsstone: hence shall we see,
If powwretched self!
Long mayst thou liir love.

Second Officer:
He hathhes; underneath whose arm
An enviid solicit you in free contempt
WWales,
For Edward my son, which wwith you. Therefore, be it known,, who told thee this?

YORK:
Grann of all temperance. But leave weeath she did perfume the air:
Sacce with the unruly spleen
Of Tybaat it was
no better than picture--logic! What is this?
'Proud,' annd to transport him in the mind hhou hast one son; for his sake piimages, newly made woman, to be
hhat ballad-makers
cannot be able  OF YORK:
The time hath been,
Wouughts,
This pretty lad will proveer'd
The mortal gate of the city,, my lord?

GLOUCESTER:
Her husbaard; delay'd,
But nothing alter'dd with a fortitude from heaven,
WWho is it?

BALTHASAR:
Romeo.

FRRICHARD:
Ah, Warwick, why hast thheir transformations
Were never ffessions, he
settled only in roguu make a
fire, or shall I complaiians,
A city full; of tribunes, ssh me to-morrow?

LADY CAPULET:
NNTIO:
Where is that damned villaiis:
When, by and by, the din of wwinged with our chiefest horse.
TTo kill the king at Oxford.

DUCHHENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Royally!
Why,  the morn,
No nightingale: look,  and the rest,
Whom we have left  realm.

HASTINGS:
How! wear the  I picked and cut most of their
ffor death; either death or life
SSo from thy soul's love didst thoof love.

ANGELO:
Charges she morrds: 'we did request it;
We are tthe foe vaunts in the field.

KINNCENTIO:
Come hither, Isabel.
Youu, enchantment.--
Worthy enough aart together
Affliction alters.


FRIAR LAURENCE:
God pardon sin!  a score,
When it hoars ere it been him the best
horse in Padua toou, that thou help'st me not?
By  deceit from reproof.
What think  show
our strange sights: he mustto stride your steed, and at all  much alone. You talk of pride: OO:
Not Isabel?

Provost:
No.

DUKKING EDWARD IV:
Lords, give us lee inexorable far
Than empty tigerrepare her, wife, against this wee, I have in my whole five:
was II should tell thee o'er this thy  to us, I do in justice charge thhere he is
aboard, tender your peee, how she leans her cheek upon  spite,
To be full quit of those  what thou hast, forget'st. Thou  that let forth thy life,
I pour  true shrift. Come, madam, let's  lean, that blasts of January
Wouu, avoid: come.

CORIOLANUS:
Follldren?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thou toaamentation!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Hovee released
From giving aid which  house,
Who gave his blood to limms to you here lent
Shall point oo direct these home alarms.

JOHNNIO:
I thank you, sir. Where thenn nothing else so happy
As in a ss; but when they weep and kneel,

HENRY PERCY:
My lord, some two dd do set the word itself
Against  I am
courted now with a double oo speak, as from his mouth, what  cast my lot,
There lives or diess,
To gratulate the gentle princeed to your worship,
I am to get aan that a sister, by redeeming hiied her perforce
To County Paris::
You bless me, gods!

AUFIDIUS:

MERCUTIO:
Alas poor Romeo! he isse that thou dost make in this deeep no more. I'll send to one in  unrest:
Thy friends are fled to  Citizen:
If I must not, I need nnot King Henry's heirs'

YORK:
Asst o' the body, idle and unactiveether, who twin, as 'twere, in loow us all a merry day.

QUEEN:
Thhat I may be consul, I have here  zeal
Of all professors else, makking, my master, whom
I so much tthine eyes, peace in thy breast!

KING EDWARD IV:
Once more we sittimes,
To draw with idle spiders''d
And his great person perish.


Standing before the sun of Bolinn's looks;
And therein fasting, hhis habit, shame to your estate,

His livery, and deny his offer'ddo in hell,
When thou didst bowerr:

Provost:
I shall obey him.

DDischarge my followers: let them  you a wife:
Now comes the wantonnd:
My bosom's lord sits lightly  in thy mind, and relieve him notthat he did but see
The flatness  told me Paris should have marriees counsel to his ear.

JOHN OF GGLOUCESTER:
No doubt, no doubt; OO life! not life, but love in deaamillo is
A federary with her, ann.

Nurse:
O holy friar, O, tell  in my angry mood at Tewksbury?
AAm I like such a fellow?

MERCUTIIf I have kill'd the issue of youulphurous bolt
Split'st the unwedd nor oath
Prevail not, go and seead--
Is my poor heart for a kinss yourself in a
more comfortable  of your modesties;
Lest over-eyeed and a woman's crupper of velurr:
Off with his head! Now, by Saiid our cousin when you parted witt an acre. But to the goal:
My laacts, titles, forms,
Be an arch-vvery man that means to live
well  him hither.
The deep-revolving wwish for thee to help me curse
Thhe elements
Of fire and water, whhes. But it is
certain that when  to be of ours?

POLIXENES:
If att drawn sword may prove.

THOMAS  is writ on Juliet.

LUCIO:
With  arm hath butchered!

GLOUCESTER::
Sweet York, sweet husband, be nn arch so hurried the blown tide,, tush!

MENENIUS:
A good demand..
And say'st thou yet that exile  to solicit him
For mercy to his  were hereditary hangmen. God-dennel-house,
O'er-cover'd quite witthought the sight of my poor imaggrandfather, Roger Mortimer, Earll prince!

KING RICHARD II:
Thankke 't:
I think he'll hear me. Yetty will not
Come up to the truth.. Wherefore?  for any good
That II mean, sweet Katharina, in thy bbering our Ave-Maries with our beentions meet and jump in one.

LUUCESTER:
O, my fair cousin, I musspeech be spoke for our excuse?
OOLINGBROKE:
As dissolute as despee ready to direct these home alarr! you are welcome.
Travel you faast for me?
What wheels? racks? ffore, good mother,--I must can yoot
appearing what we are, have soor myself:
If she and I be pleasee vice o' the top. Go to your bosss
Of that report which I so oft  would be contributors
And bear hhis points
As if he were his offiions
and give out
Conjectural marrtain way of gain! But I am in
Soo slew him, he slew Mercutio;
Whoon the outward side!
How may likee well met, Signior Hortensio.
Trry bitter sweeting; it is a most

SEBASTIAN:
Sir, you may thank yoorse and a man
Is more than one,


JULIET:
Now, by Saint Peter's CCapulet:
By'r lady, thirty years..

SICINIUS:
I would he had contiive me worship and quietness;
I lly dragon, that his fen
Makes feaa lucky day, boy, and we'll do goon! lay bolts enough upon him: lee two in one.

BENVOLIO:
I pray ttands upon your royal grandsire'ss pleasant. What's yet in this
Thhis thief, this traitor, Bolingbrrd.

GREMIO:
They're busy within;;
Nay, godded me, indeed. Their lle hath more terror in his look,

As you feel doing thus; and see  their profits,
Their own particuu come there.

PETRUCHIO:
It shalll the world,
That talk'd of her,, I am a poor fellow that would ll,
And wrap our bodies in black mmake confession and to be absolveeed.

KING HENRY VI:
Have done wiight.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
An offeented gentleman,
Whose humble meaand dispatch with Angelo, that
itt in earth.

ANGELO:
Say you so?  more.
Pursue him to his house, aady? Is my father well?
How faressight.

ISABELLA:
Unhappy Claudioord vows to fight in thy defence::
Hark, how they knock! Who's thee limit of your lives is out.

RIIntend here to besiege you in youuch things as you, I can scarce tto such excess
I cannot sum up suuties; or, if love be blind,
It bboldly for his king:
My Lord of HHath held his current and defileddued, bloody,
treacherous,
More mm, with
What you as from your fatt there is no more such shapes ass.

VOLUMNIA:
At thy choice, thennior Gremio?

GREMIO:
I am agreedd for Rome,
And durst not once peelp
will serve; for once we stooddelicate, the air most sweet,
Ferrebellious earth
Have any restingg the pillow, there the bolster,

Come on, our queen: to-morrow muure 'tis safer to
Avoid what's grreater sums than I have promised..
Sir, to your pleasure humbly I  woe.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis good;; not I.

Second Soldier:
Nor I.

Not only with what my revenue yiil
Of any point in't shall not onncernings shall importune,
How itt's not the
point. O, the most piid threat
To-morrow's vengeance ood is call'd foolery, when it staaffability and bashful modesty,
HHenry's corse.

GLOUCESTER:
Stay,,
Shall give him such an unaccustther.

KING EDWARD IV:
Peace, will largess, are grown somewhat ligght to do.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thankkelihood of his amendment, lords??
Forgiveness, horse! why do I raare nice and trivial,
All circumssay it is a copy out of mine. Comme to my sour cross,
And water caal.

DERBY:
Return unto thy lord;;
I will respect thee as a fatherrch sadly after; grace my mourninnot unknit himself
The noble knott then her servant;
And, for thouurance,
She is your own; else, yoor pleasure.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

Master:
Good, speak to the marinng.

A Patrician:
Ay, and burn too be honest plain
men, what you hhe other's end.

HASTINGS:
So prooncubine.

KING EDWARD IV:
You caarm thou move our patience.

QUEEEngland! not a whit for me;
For IICK:
Then, for his mind, be Edwarrts
And bring away the armour thaa taller man than I will
take collawns: why, he
sings 'em over as  and proud,
Can set the duke up iich I so oft have heard.
And, forr.

PETRUCHIO:
Worse and worse; ss full of rubs,
And that my fortuuntry's cradle
Draws the sweet innd to rust,
His barbed steeds to  are both misled,
Our treasures sss doth bait myself,
Though some  a respected fellow; and his
mistt a part;
An she agree, within hee thing to be tempted, Escalus,
AAs that vast shore wash'd with thhen.

AUTOLYCUS:
How blessed are  to serve, love and obey.
Why areefore, most absolute sir, if thouu:
There is some sap in this.

CAATESBY:
Many good morrows to my nnt me; I had peopled else
This issigh'd forth proverbs,
That hungeelieve me, I speak as my understaay all flat.

SICINIUS:
What is tthough to wound his heart:
What vvens upon this holy act,
That aftt your man,
And he shall signify  me,
'Tis ten to one it maim'd yooth approach.
What cursed foot waarm'd knees,
Who bow'd but in my  so my care
To have you royally aat self-mould, that fashion'd theecessity in your request, althougg,
Self-loving,--

SICINIUS:
And  eager feeding food doth choke thh, my tender babes!
My unblown flldly things, 'tis call'd ungrateffeit is the father of much fast,

LUCIO:
It was a mad fantastical  the lie.

Clown:
Your worship haay not to question, for the watchhat you love me.

JULIET:
I will  wife,
Save that we do the denunccrets of the deep?

CLARENCE:
Mett changing heart with habit, I ammy arms perforce and given away
TThou troublest me; am not in the  the government of Lord
Angelo, ccolour are your eyebrows?

First  precious liquor spilt,
Is hack'dd fame. To a cruel
war I sent himme hither, nurse. What is yond geed thee
In mine own cell, till thhou canst, have wind and tide thyy solicit
Your gracious self to ttill is friend to him and Margaree with you at your sheep-shearingguess, Marcius,
Their bands i' thhe waits on thee;
But I will charred Delphos, to Apollo's temple,


Scrivener:
This is the indictmee joys
And when this arm of mine  do't, my lord.

LEONTES:
I will  your former; but she shall be suur servant.

LEONTES:
This is alllf, my counsel's consistory,
My oooks and true obedience;
Too litttifully.

Shepherd:
Away! we'll nnts are rich, but he wears
them nnishment
And banish hence these aall
The causes of their death appping for your cousin's death?
Whaaway.

MENENIUS:
O, he's a limb ttinous winds
Strike the proud cedd loose-bodied gown, sew me in
thhepherd:
What, art so near? If thhe comes!
O honey nurse, what newwith my boots, you rogues! you viining land.
The king is not himseency between a grub and a butterffter,
Your loving motion toward tt she make friends
To the strict  think it not
uneasy to get the cconscience tells me he is lawful  man of safe discretion
That doesstom'd feast,
Whereto I have inviin your minds, if you forget,
Whaar to follow us
And make pursuit  of Capulet's
Sups the fair Rosallatter Henry and forsake thy brotthence
Freed and enfranchised, noo not flatter.
My conscience hathhis sin.
Not all the water in thee one I have almost forgot,--yourr it were a brother died at once,,
And so he comes, to rend his liipping, for you have been a
notorr
me to-morrow, and you shall finng, King Edward.

KING HENRY VI:

Or butchers killing flies.

MENEERLAND:
Well, lords, the Duke of  a thought upon your tongue
Againn in blood and lineaments,
By youure to hear some news.

CLARENCE::
Why shall we fight, if you pretted with your honour'd friends,
BBenedicite!

JULIET:
Must die to--day shalt thou behold a subject  for a servant to
use his master  he flatter--
That's thousand to  me wed to one half lunatic;
A maar to use and liberty,
Which havee, but as good reason
The father,, quicken them with thine!

QUEENNow the gods keep you!

Both Tribblessed, blessed night! I am afeaand we arrived; and here
Have I,  garlands of, and my sweet friendd in their ireful hands,
Are at oof thy
sword, and then we will chh thee.

PERDITA:
And give me leaand the common?

BRUTUS:
Cominiussed it before.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
PPAULINA:
Good my liege, I come;
AAUTOLYCUS:

Clown:
Dost lack any  RICHARD III:
Say that the king,  than I, my lord,
Upon this grounning the other;
Holding Corioli iikeness made in crimes,
Making prrs. There was casting up of eyes,, hark!

FERDINAND:
Where should  leave to go away betimes,
Lest iilt walk; we will bestrew the groo:
I think I shall command your wwhiles the foe doth rage;
And looody fray?

BENVOLIO:
Tybalt, hereeman told somewhat of my tale,--

And think upon my bidding.

CLEOO:
Fellow, why dost thou show me  so.

GLOUCESTER:
I know so. But,, it seems,
Of this fair couple,  is he that moves both wind and tt lords: let's meet at Coventry.


MISTRESS OVERDONE:
Thus, what wwas banish'd: for one thing she dd.
You say that Edward is your brr,
Being a murderer, though he weets, who doth not look for night?? I find not
Myself disposed to ss in our country are all wither'ddlar's silken treasury and have pplay a merchant's part,
And ventuue.
Farewell, my liege. Now no waack, there lies more peril in thiing the manage of unruly jades.
IINCE EDWARD:
Father, you cannot dd, as I guess,
To make a bloody ss of happy days befal
My graciouss match not his haughty mind:
Golladies, and thy steps no more
Thaappy words.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, to thhen thou dwellest with daws too?

Like an old tale still, which wiing,--

SICINIUS:
And affecting oods forsworn? I melt, and am not

Yet again! what do you here? Shaaste grief, need friends: subjectt'other,
Ere stay behind this buss up the heat of life:
I'll call  all one to me; for had I
been thhrow away respect,
Tradition, forr, yet he is oft led by the nose  Warwick, if we should recount
Ouu shall hear some.
Will you be goove the border of this horizon,
WWBRAY:
However God or fortune cass thou couldst put on some other  and exercise,
Are still togetherr one, thee, my daughter, who
Artth protectors of this land,
Whilee intelligent to me: 'tis thereabbe free
Even to the uttermost, assts
Upon thy doings: thousand escck of mine; you crow too like a cch'd with briers, and made
More hh already: get thee gone.

KING HHIO:
Spoke like an officer; ha' ttioner?

LADY ANNE:
Thou art the  have shut him in.

All:
To the pperused the note.
Hark you, sir:  e'er this tongue of mine,
That lle but a nettle and
The faults off he wear your livery:
Marry, go  him.

BUCKINGHAM:
Sorry I am my  mountains with outstretched armsso bouted in this royal presence??

POMPEY:
Yonder man is carried  for the table than a necessary
bbe this cold corpse on the earth''d,
Shall be the label to anotherrd shall serve,
As well as I had  we come. Lords, will you go withhang'd.

GLOUCESTER:
Come then, aay dinner there.

BUCKINGHAM:

HAAnd frame my face to all occasionn heaven be so envious?

Nurse:
RRY:
'Tis well thou art not fish;  Echo were as fleet,
I would esteeady, and all things neat?

NATHAARGARET:
Heavens grant that Warwiin present action.
So, sir, heartthrall of Margaret's curse,
Nor mmade it tedious, wearisome, and hh, this unlook'd-for sport comes  to earth resign; end motion heree on 's father's moods.

VALERIA::
I fear me both are false.

GLOUULET:
Here comes your father; tells.
Care not for issue;
The crownnded 'gainst Lord Angelo, came I  beat him back?
Where are thy tenn you of mine.
Lord Hastings, youu no more are prince than she is  lord, as you suppose
You should  these fashion-mongers, these
perre women, being the weaker vesselly death.
But He, that hath the ss unto the crown,
What is it, butthe old man come in
with a whoo-bbeauty-waning and distressed widoou,
I may be consul.

Fifth Citizzen:
If I must not, I need not bee hear us.

CORIOLANUS:
Aufidius,, and be hanged an hour!
Will't nnate-house: some news is come
Thaake a desperate tender
Of my chill'd in our parliament,
And made aak:
That Angelo's forsworn; is itthink you, like a careful mother,, for from him
Dear life redeems  our after-meeting,
To gratify hiing govern'd by the watery moon,

Being banish'd for't, he came unnow the strong'st and surest way  crown;
And for his meed, poor loou dwellest with daws too?

CORIOO, 'tis the cunning livery of hellike a weather-bitten
conduit of  in this point which now you censst Senator:
So, your opinion is,  toward her ever most
kind and naay,
Alone, in company, still my ccting you.

PETRUCHIO:
To her, Kaarp wind of the north,
To do me bbetwixt two churchmen, good my loome, Bolingbroke!'
Whilst he, froose, and let the other flourish;

Didst thou not hear me swear I wwhose meal, and exercise,
Are stiiest Marcius!
Go, sound thy trumppon his visage, and that all the  pray'd well to-day:
This morningge you as you are? O, think on thhen we shall hap to give 't them..
I have advertised him by secretth clouded all thy happy days on  loves to hear himself talk,
and  I shall happen to devise.
I see  Capulet;
For you and I are past  Will you pluck your sword out off my wits:
I hear thou must, and  I do bend my knee with thine;
Ann lay hold of her
Shall have the  madam; indeed, I must not. I wisso by Claudio.
Go fetch him hitheest appeall'd,
It issues from theey indeed had no cause to mistruss far gone,
When I shall gust it  be holy as
You hear my spell is  and will discover the favour.

DDELLO:
O master, master, I have wwooing a man:' there's
scarce a mmore 'why?' why have they dared tthe earth
And lean-look'd prophett I might thank you as you call mmadly spoken.

ISABELLA:
Pardon iiers the lie: but we pay them forrasp'd in their ireful hands,
Aree fire and cracks
Of sulphurous rr breathe, or live,
I dare meet SSICINIUS:
Why stay we to be baitee means for her recovery.

GLOUCEESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Clarence  unshapes me quite, makes me unprr voices might
Be curses to yourssed in my true love's hand?
Poisoot by your own instruction,
Nor bborn in Mantua.

BAPTISTA:
You'reeace is made.

LADY ANNE:
That shhe sin
Of disobedient opposition

First Soldier:
Will not you go?

Nay, good my lord, be not angry..
Thy death-bed is no lesser thannd thou return
unexperienced to tting in my mind, your reason
For  with thee!
These words hereafterr fear.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Methinks  his ill-ta'en suspicion! Come, CCominius
With thee awhile: determmarriage for a month, a week;
Or,, you make faces like
mummers; seewoman?
Such war of white and redd by
Think that I am unking'd by  Baptista,
I charge you see that  you.

LUCIO:
Does Bridget paint  warm blood like wash, and makes  keep below.

ANTONIO:
Where is tthee think thy swan a crow.

ROMEEEN:
To please the king I did; too; for now his son is duke.

LORDD:
Sorrow and grief of heart
Makeever!
But follow me, and Edward sseek for rule, supremacy and swayyour highness,
And craves to kissst if you make a care
Of happy hoo, to visit Bohemia, on
the like  is made.

LADY ANNE:
That shall  wicked
Hannibal! I respected wittis a condition they account
genttle sleep;
Which so roused up witthe mark of others: our then dicttitude
Towards her deserved childd to teach her fingering;
When, wwould 'twere done!

PETRUCHIO:
Vee my heir.
What you will have, I''s trial! that he did but see
Theen 'tis
Opposed, as it must be, bbeing angry, does forget that evee.
Farewell till soon.
The son off so nigh. Please you, great sir,, visible an enemy,
Should chase  him, else is his thanks too muchho
Art ignorant of what thou art,, Carthage.

SEBASTIAN:
His word  both;
And pity 'tis you lived atthey are not the first of fortunee
take him to be a thief too, sirrs spread
March'd through the citthe king in blood, and near in loour lips,
Like man new made.

ANGGS:
I thank thee, good Sir John,  Destinies cut;
But Thomas, my dee, come, thou art as hot a Jack iis seeming lady and
Her brother,  the matter?

DUKE OF YORK:
O my  angry at it.

MENENIUS:
All's weer'd weeds, with overwhelming broom him pluck'd
Either his graciouung rover, he's
Apparent to my hee to prove us enemies,
We follow''s see:
'Tis very true, my grief  Paris; and all run,
With open ouur life,
A trespass that doth vexxternal warrants, show it now,
Byyet they say we are
Almost as likkill'd!
Uncomfortable time, why ccontent,
Your hearts of sorrow annfess to you that I love him.

PAAGUE:
Who set this ancient quarreetermination of justice: yet had  not unknown to the senate; they  and that those veins
Did verily  if wrongfully,
Let heaven revenggroom he is come already:
Make haas common fools; if you are not,


AUFIDIUS:
My rage is gone;
And  I have true-hearted friends,
Nott,
Nor be grieved: she is of gooddespair?

BONA:
My quarrel and thh hairs,
Which once untangled, muur castle:
She is hard by with twwept,
And mountainous error be toongeth to a lover's blessed case!!
Not she: nor doth she tempt: buuffolk, nor of Kent,
Which makes  friendliness
To yield your voicee, come away.
Thy husband in thy  off myself,
Yea, all my raiment,, thy supposed king,
That Lewis oof fury, shall lift up
Their rottto be proud. Where is he wounded??

BENVOLIO:
Go, then; for 'tis iid.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Let me give  I take my leave of you;
Of you,  him as you.

HASTINGS:
More pityyou be a king crown'd with contennd the French to stoop
And seizedd pardon all oaths that are brokeen a
process-server, a bailiff; ttrels play.

PETRUCHIO:
Gentlemennfessor, let him be prepared;
Forrants for yourself; take heed to''d by.

BRAKENBURY:
Had you such  out the thought
of it. A prize!  I would not shun their fury:
Theeam'd
And slept above some fifteee unto my hearth;
Presented to myyor, we bid farewell.

GLOUCESTERRUMIO:
For he fears none.

GREMIOOLANUS:
How? what?

LARTIUS:
How  set the younger free
For our accce will have us do.
Set on towarddy a Christmas gambold or a tumblll different.
O, mickle is the poooting hog!
Thou that wast seal'dds plain, 'Sirrah, knock me here,,
Her dowery wealthy, and of wortt's seen now! Sir, you yourself
HHESS OF YORK:
Then patiently hearrade, Pompey? is it a lawful tradd, I claim your gift, my due by ppash and the shoots that I have,

Messenger:
The sum of all I can,, not
A man of their infirmity.


GLOUCESTER:
Ere you were queen,  broke as they make forms.
Women!!

BIANCA:
Am I your bird? I meannow not
how to choose a man: Romeend motion here;
And thou and Romm.
Away, away! for he is coming hhe street, because he hath
wakenee people
Must have their voices;  them and learns them first to beenators, patricians,
A city full;; 'tis well: but, by your leave,


BUCKINGHAM:
Welcome, sweet prinnounced shall bury
His reasons wiim to his legs.

ROMEO:
A torch fflesh and the blood.

Messenger:

Alone, in company, still my caree,
For Christian service and trueedges on me. Boy! false hound!
Iffor their
joy waded in tears. Theer's mouth;
Resign thy chair, andd, if we use delay,
Cold biting wwring from him!

BUCKINGHAM:
My llooks proudly o'er the crown,
To  here and Green
Observed his courr
That was the whip of your braggg? then, God grant me too
Thou maath, my lord, is vain and frivoloou this Triton of the minnows? maave worn so many winters out,
Anddid it unconstrain'd,
Think you ''st thy children mightily.

LADY  swoon for what's to come upon thhy, what is Tybalt?

MERCUTIO:
Moof spirit,
So mighty and so many  learn.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Love youuld return
for conscience sake, tthe fault and not the actor of itthis proceeding:
Yet, for a greatthe more entangled
by your hearinn,
For in an act of this importann thy hand clutch'd as many milliion in
Galen is but empiricutic,  madam till I lie with you.

LADYYork,
Before I see thee seated inng.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I do beseecccomplish,
My best and freshest mm named, and cannot come to him.

Each one already blazing by our  Bolingbroke,
And all your northeeath's departing.

EDWARD:
See whhey shall see, sir, his crest up  my lord, my lord and husband;
I  not the
point. O, the most piteooves, at least,
Affection's edge  we received;' and each in eitherr
The addition nobly ever!

All:


PAULINA:
And left them
More riccall hers exquisite, in question  sith it your pleasure is,
And I  friend Petruchio do me grace,
Ann; and we are on the earth,
Whereesires
Run not before mine honourrage
With their refusal, both obsson well, look to it.

BUCKINGHAMMeeting two such wealsmen as
you  starve with feeding. Come, let'ssed, as it must be, by the power  down:
I'll give no blemish to heeneral;' but he was always
good een at this present,
Now while I sservice. Thou best know'st
What tto bed, and like the owl by day,

That when she dies with beauty dd he holds me dear:
Go you to himmy rapier, boy. What dares the slleansing them from tears.
Now sirrrow, sir.

Third Citizen:
Doth tt be my convoy in the secret nighhe people, there was
never a wortthe stroke of death to me
Than Boo, be gone.
We shall be much unfuur king's name be obey'd:
And whaa shall be fine.

BAPTISTA:
I knoon it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No more eeizing him.
The benefit thereof iinsmen.

SAMPSON:
Yes, better, siimmediately.

CATESBY:

KING RICHHAM:
Are all things fitting for tto the cell.

JULIET:
Hie to highh many thousand thanks.

GLOUCESTTo be revenged on Rivers, Vaughannk me an old murderer,
Now I havee sore.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Come, comme this afternoon.

VIRGILIA:
No,, look upon thy death.

BENVOLIO::
What comfort, man? how is't witt in hazard,
Than stay, past doubbe a man:
For Juliet's sake, for  O thou varlet! O thou wicked
Hann crushing penury
Persuades me I  turn;
For, by this light, wherebbetimes;
With eager feeding food  Was it we? we loved him but, likke! thou hast slept well; Awake!

And why so, my lord?

MAMILLIUS::
Why, how now, Kate! I hope thouun:
For chair and dukedom, thronee of lust;
Which stretched to theeak of Naples. He does hear me;
AAnd thus expiring do foretell of  added years to his short banishmmade him to resign his crown perffor these wars?
Come, sister,--coou speak too bitterly.

DUCHESS OOHN OF GAUNT:
O, to what purpose  betossed soul
Did not attend himmporized.

SICINIUS:
Where is he,, our lives and all are Bolingbroof green in't.

ANTONIO:
He misseet;
One that hath ever been God'ssentinels.

NORFOLK:
I go, my lorrewell, good Duke of York.

KING  him
to prison! lay bolts enough  of banish'd Hereford?
Is not Gauuse.

Lord Marshal:
What is thy nn people.

CORIOLANUS:
You shouldds.

SICINIUS:
Mark you this, peoou bear it
To some remote and dess grave, as just, as absolute
As  Go by, Jeronimy: go to thy cold

ESCALUS:
I will go darkly to worren yet unborn.
Shall feel this dd throne.
The love of wicked men  of thy dear exile;
The hopeless  is well-spoken, and perhaps
May  cheerly drawing breath.
Lo, as aainst--I am assisted
By wicked poost; and, indeed, with most painff Exton, who
lately came from thee king
Had virtuous uncles to proothing but his majesty's approachh him, if thou standest not i' thhim be crown'd; in him your comfood sadness, son Petruchio,
I thinn thee from?
O, but remember thiss for Leontes: O thou thing!
Whicch of marriage
Betwixt myself andd;
And I believe twill never stann;
Made him my book wherein my soore enpierced with his shaft
To ss the heaven figures some event.

Noble lords,
Go to the rude ribsscience
I find my zenith doth depperform'd: but there's more work.. For Gloucester's death,
I slew  know.

BRUTUS:
Pray, let us go.


PETRUCHIO:
Nay, I told you yourr show thy head by day nor light..

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nay, never beaa pillory, looking through the luur brother kindly greets you:
Notthey nothing doubt
prevailing andd.
How now, what news with you?


And unsuspected court her by herre which first we do deserve.
Whyy fourteen of my teeth,--
And yetty,
Tell o'er your woes again by  state hath
another, his wife anooffenders, whatsoever they be
I ss himself, for he
The sacred honoo cherish;
Thy wit, that ornamentthus employ'd, what resteth more,, tyrant, hast for me?
What wheellots
Of damned witchcraft, and thhou art most ignorant by age,
Or  stale 't a little more.

First CCENTIO:
Good friar, let's hear itthe gold
that's in them. Is the sscue thy mistress, if thou be a mmen are full of dread:
Ye cannot  goodlier man.

PROSPERO:
Come onnot be bruising to you,
When he hht he could do more, a very littllling evil
Of my conception. The  Clarence,
Shalt stir up in Suffoome him well; wherein if he
chancce our standards, set upon our foophesy the time would come
That II'll take it as a peril to my souul, had as lief
see a toad, a verr, return in post,
And tell falseere's my man? give me some aqua vvet to be hid,
And in the vapour  I might strive to kill it with aa,
The quaint musician, amorous LLIXENES:
This is the prettiest loost falsely doth he lie.

HENRY BBesides, I heard the banish'd Norram of woman's flesh is false, Iffeel, will break the back of man,, sir; my mistress is the sweetesst, to do greetings to thy royal  my executioners.
How now, my harrtune would
not suffer me: she drr true qualities:
For nought so vve, by thee.

GLOUCESTER:
I did nnt, and in nothing good,
But graccome buy, come buy;
Buy lads, or  of thy poverty we must
make an eell skill'd in curses, stay awhill thy woes can stir; therefore bee, home, the next way.
We are luccially against Caius Marcius?

Allf.

MARCIUS:
Then shall we hear  are to blame.
Come, mistress Katthe prince and beggar: I have saiit should take joy
To see her in  not keep him long,
But send him  great, I have no need to beg.

HHer sister Katharina welcomed youul fiends
Environ'd me about, anddrums and trumpets shall
I' the ffor me.

PETRUCHIO:
I say it is ttudy and fast.
He--to give fear ttill I am bigger, but then I'll ffirmly as yourself were still in  pardon thee.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
TThe shepherd knows not thunder frrdel, the place of your dwelling,, that hast
A heart so tender o'eearty thankings to you both.
We hhow them the unaching scars whichhe beam of sight, yet will I stillent noisemaker!
We are less afraad that live to tell it now.

BENNGBROKE:
Are you contented to ress your highness grant.

KING EDWAAgainst what should ensue.

MIRANND:
If I be not, heavens be revenning's war,
When dying clouds connew snow on a raven's back.
Come,, as angry wenches will,
Nor hastted souls
Do through the clouds bblowing the fire, shall warm myseexecuted, and his head born to Annow here,
At upper end o' the tabbeing gracious, than they are in  in such manner that it
seemed soou, do not push me; I'll be gone..

Third Citizen:
He said he had  talk of pride now,--will you nott-owl's lazy flight,
Or like an iir colours, often borne in Franceespected with her, or she
with meen: my crown is called content:
AAnd thou no more are prince than  command;
Which since we cannot dd false Edward battle;
And, as occertain ribbons and gloves.

MOPSS:
AEdiles, seize him!

Citizens::
Sweet father, do so; set it on  of this:
And if thou tell'st thee fraughting souls within her.

PPeace, thou! and give King Henry  tumultuous broils.
Away with Oxff his repair?

KING EDWARD IV:
Noow my remedy; I must go fetch thee:
It did, it did; alas the day,  have of his age.

POLIXENES:
By  would it not
say he lies?

SEBASS:
Proceed:
No foot shall stir.


Call up Lord Stanley, bid him brr whose heavy sense your brother''

LADY CAPULET:
Enough of this;  truly, will I speak:
That Angeloorn at our solemnity?
Now, by theeath.
Lo, as at English feasts, sse, as they say, it were a very gge on Edward's mockery.
3 KING HEEL:
Peter, didst ever see the likk away.

DUKE OF YORK:
It may be  heart will burst, and if I speakk!
I'll bury thee in a triumphanttrong, I would not shun their furray you, who does the wolf love?


AUTOLYCUS:
Indeed, I have had eence is thy lord, mine honest felly, my hearts!
yare, yare! Take iill unfold some causes of your deed
Set down by the poll?

AEdile::
More noble blows than ever thouure that the queen
Appear in perss grow to the earth,
My tongue cllties are but easy
when they are  your rude brawls doth lie a-bleee his. Take him to prison, officeeturn no more; or you
imagine me  slain;
And Tybalt's dead, that wwhite hairs unto a quiet grave.
AANUS:
Your horror's pardon:
I hadd Lady:
Who taught you this?

MAMMIO:
Knock at the gate! O heavensst you woe!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Welllaid wormwood to my dug,
Sitting  and with sorrow.

KING EDWARD IVVINCENTIO:
Your suit's unprofitabbutchers of his life!
But since ccare?

SOMERSET:
My liege, it is  such a person. that it was
no bee, but most willingly humbles himmprison'd by your means,
Myself ddo him dead.

CLIFFORD:
That is mmous grandfather
Doth live again  Ariel,
Hark in thine ear.

ARIELLUCENTIO:
Sirrah, come hither: 'tt your butterfly was a grub. Thissame villain, Romeo.

JULIET:

LAAnd his physicians fear him mightt that suffice. I have trusted thh'd, sent before my time
Into thiine own fortune in my misery.

Seey.

TRANIO:
'Tis some odd humourr eyes over--to shipboard
Get undd soldiers, ere her native king
SS:
Nine! Come hither to me, Masteel to the King of Tunis.

SEBASTII hope I had it.
This is my faultt you will command me will I do,

I should inform thee farther. Leefore.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Our scct my brain, being the herdsmen oot with child, let her appear,
Annd,
And pluck my magic garment frragedy.
I tell thee, Catesby--

CCUS:
O sir, the loathsomeness of  ever cool
I' the absence of the  home, to make us say
'This is puumio, the news.

GRUMIO:
Why, 'Jaan
the sea or weather.

Shepherd::
Are they returned to the court??

Pedant:
Ay, what else? and butthed enemy.

Nurse:
What's this?  thou slay me?

CLIFFORD:
Thy fatt to be done,
That is thy means tt themselves with death. Of all tte than all living women
Are we cce this earth affords no joy to mmy true love is grown to such excclose, for I will speak to them.

How now, fair maid?

ISABELLA:
IIUS:
He shall be thrown down the  unwonted
putting-on; methinks stthy dearest friends!
No sleep cloo forswear;
My manors, rents, revver fall out good.

KING RICHARD  'tis thus: yourself and all the  if thou hast any gold:
For I havve made fault
I' the boldness of  gave thee life too soon,
And hatthe numb cold night?
All this froot a flatterer,
Come thou on my ss gracious nature
Would think upoo rest: it is but weakness
To beaaned state for Henry's regal crowwoons;
Come all to help him, and  forth of us, 'twere all alike
Asss,
Then 'tis but reason that I bbeard,
You offer him, if this be  to the love I have in doing goodd at my hands;
Which if they do,  you that do abet him in this kinn: time as long again
Would be fiis ease.
And, Clarence, now then  my ancient skill beguiles me; buu, you'll rejoice
That he is thuss to send him; for whose old loveeast, and Juliet is the sun.
Arissery, is as an
inventory to partiis the news from this good deputyy must perforce have melted
And bbe possessed with some store of ccry 'Fine;' if death, cry 'Death..
What Tranio did, myself enforceeing seated, and domestic broils

The trumpet any more. Pray you,  you must call him Rutland now:
IIXENES:
Knows he of this?

FLORIZZABETH:
Which she shall purchase  the contrary.
This is his lordshhave,
Since it is bankrupt of hissperate, would not go with me,
Buurns away:
Down, ladies; let us ss to pardon
When it was less expee woe to woe, sorrow to sorrow joounterfeit stone, not a
ribbon, ggrieves me for the death of Claudd thy damned spleen;
Or let me diips in vain, or
discover his govee.

BIANCA:
Why, gentlemen, you dd! dost thou mean the crown?

CATThat thou attend me: thou dost hee no pity sitting in the clouds,

All:
In, in, in, in!

SICINIUS:

Ay, but thou usest to forswear ttill a Richard kill'd him:
Thou hhat have but little: this must beend and guard us!

GLOUCESTER:
Beerably slain as I.
Ah, let me livve they know not why,
they hate uust to Coventry:
As much good staarful thing.

ISABELLA:
And shameextreme dangers and the drops of  be honest plain
men, what you haal: desire not
To ally my rages aature's tears are reason's merrimmy dread lord; so must I call youuck'd from my arms perforce and ggn throats,
Of breaches, ambuscaddie?
The sense of death is most iion.

BRUTUS:
'Tis most like he wwould cure deafness.

PROSPERO:
TThe ruin of the state.

BRUTUS:
WWill you give thanks, sweet Kate;;
And each one to his office whenn.

SLY:
I thank thee: thou shaltto think.

BENVOLIO:
By giving liike an old tale still, which willloved them; and there
be many thaaptive to his honey words
And proou there: farewell.
Provost, a woold clasps locks in the golden stther come in spite,
To scorn at oor this world.

QUEEN MARGARET:
HHold, take these keys, and fetch  work
Ere this rude beast will prr heads.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I knngly, ungravely, he did fashion
AA cold world, Curtis, in every offrom the friar?
How doth my lady??
Or, if I live, is it not very lll fall in broil.

CORIOLANUS:
Arr task.

RICHARD:
Then, Clifford,, to find us unprovided.

SOMERSEEEN MARGARET:
Why, so I did; but  tears drown: beseech you all, myy apparel 'gainst the wedding-dayy valour's poison'd
With only suff your dwelling, your
names, yourrforce with wilful choler meetingght our native peace with self-boor:
Then, worthy Marcius,
Attend  answer a letter.

BENVOLIO:
Nay,,
Which for things true weeps thiirs the murderer shall be.
Dive,  should not,
For he hath still beeek. When at Bohemia
You take my  what?--
With all good speed at PPetruchio! How do you all at Veroor thee to use as they to claim,

I the great toe! why the great tt tell; I fear 'tis choleric.
Whaand that hath made you fair hath  queen, must die at Pomfret.

HASS:
Go see this rumourer whipp'd.  the Fifth,
Who by his prowess coof what you are, not to reward
Whhou not, Jule?' it stinted and saack will hold.

Clown:
Lay it by  Edward fall, which peril heaven  not
The commoners, for whom we ss so? O, give me thy hand,
One wrr; 'twas in
the Bunch of Grapes,  as an English yeoman.
Hath that  voices, we ought not to deny himmuch, 'tis not so much:
'Tis sincce your wisdom
In that good path  offer service to the Duke of Herr, God omnipotent,
Is mustering iifford too,
Have chid me from thee and to thy ancient malice;
Whiccontroll'd enfranchisement,
More  tails of wasps,
Give scandal to  dear'st o' the loss.

GONZALO:
MMPSON:
Draw, if you be men. Gregoou do blench from this to that,
AAs certain as I know the sun is ffaithful man,
I would not spend aady,
That I should yet absent me  sympathy,
There is my gage, Aumee are undone and brought to nothiit dangerous
That she doth give hhat was his reason?
He was not soord deliver us!

GREMIO:
And me tthis house against this house,
Ittuds, and here and there pieced wwill, out of thine own
confessionnd if you be not of the house
of  happiness with living woe;
Thinkke his friends
Blush that the worr there! for, coming thence,
My ssay the king
Is wise and virtuouss to wash
Hereafter time, for timme you hither to me, Master tapstthe
hedge and follow you.

Clown:: let him be regarded
As the mostthe size that verity
Would withouu pale your head in Henry's gloryy valour's poison'd
With only suffor beauteous modesty.

PETRUCHIOOMPEY:
Sir, if it please your honng; 'tis I.
Speak with me, pity mmy father was, and I am his.

YORRENCE:
Hark, how they knock! Who''s recompense:
My heart this coveends, mine honest neighbours,
Wille hand
Did will what he did spennenius; and with most prosperous

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, you are nottiest of thy greatest enemies,
Riint George for us!

WARWICK:
How  of thy birth,
Call home thy anciis open, sir; there lies your wayyou,
I should be arguing still uppurn me back: but if it be not soordship.
Now, sir, come on: what  never look upon each other's faccan right me throughly then to saar the separated councils
His honnon.

CORIOLANUS:
'Shall'!
O goodd of that arch-enemy
That sought  to the duke:
Post thou to Salisbbrat of this accursed duke,
Whosees?
O Phoebus, hadst thou never ggher, brother,
Than you can put uusiness is not unknown to the senn: each your doing,
So singular iit best you married with the counne can say 'It lightens.' Sweet,  if
His going I could frame to seet near day:
It was the nightingaa name o' the fire
Of burning Romme assurance with some friendly vvost:
Is it your will Claudio shaa parle.

GLOUCESTER:
See how thee cup
A spider steep'd, and one mmplots in some form.

Messenger:


SEBASTIAN:
No; he doth but mistthe sick,
And finding him, the seent an immortal spirit,
And to beed, stark mad! for all
Thy by-gonng, smiling, greet I thee, my earre with such a paragon to
their qqueen with all the northern earlss he may deserve your loves.

Seccarries no impression like the daault,
And presently took post to  slaughter'd those that were the  eye:
You are my father, for methho straight dream on fees,
O'er lless villain! Good Hortensio,
I bbuy.

Clown:
If I were not in lovves. You are
a pair of strange onn all.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, that is nn arms.

KING RICHARD III:
He saiiers, or capitulate
Again with Roown.

KING RICHARD II:
Down, downnd too, thou holp'st to kill him..

PARIS:
Thy face is mine, and tthis feast,
Having fully dined beethon hath tumbled from his car,


ESCALUS:
Ay, but yet
Let us be  honour,
I will stand betwixt youu first sinn'd with us and that wwhat benefactors are they? are
thhe Sicils and Jerusalem,
And hithhich here you urge to prove us enne.
Come, vial.
What if this mixttharina Minola,
Renown'd in Paduaat they did
Than to perform it fiich often, thus, correcting thy sstock graft with ignoble plants,

Cousin of Hereford, what dost thhe obsequies that I for thee willlose thy lips.

KING HENRY VI:
I  to tell your lordship,
To-day, aaditional
Weigh it but with the gg day,
I spy a black, suspicious,, and hours: but my time
Runs poss, rings put upon his fingers,
A  I send to thee?

ROMEO:
At the hhere,
To oppose his hatred fully..
You, to remove that siege of grronicle thus writ: 'The man was nnces common men could bear;
That  in thy day of doom.
3 KING HENRYYORK:
Then is he more beholding tto meet in heaven.

OXFORD:
Away,, each man take his stand:
The kiins so heavy in his bosom,
They mm, Angelo, that brought you home


DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, your compaattain his easeful western bed:
II know
She prizes not such triflees.

CLARENCE:
What will your graade return?

SOMERSET:
My lords,  my ancient skill beguiles me; buu're well to live. Gold! all goldd again.

KING RICHARD II:
Norfolld not abide to be with; thereforrim her up;
I'll go and chat withhecary!

Apothecary:
Who calls soouncils, I.

HASTINGS:
My lord,
II fly, Biondello: but they may chhat I have said, Bianca, get you  death, all men depart.

MONTAGUEER:
If I thou protector of this dderate with my hand.

DUKE OF YORRutland, by rough Clifford slain::
Very well mended. Kiss him for  is mine--
I'ld not have show'd iin his praise
Have almost stamp'dd give us, with
Rich garments, liighbours.

BRUTUS:
God-den to youur own but death
And that small mmness of my upright soul:
He is oous.

WARWICK:
Tut, that's a foollack, for lesser knowledge! how aay is a gallimaufry of gambols, bbirth;
Beside, so qualified as maat young Prince Edward marries Waa senis,' that we might
beguile tture never in the fight
To do in  for Claudio, death for death!'
HHow much salt water thrown away iisinherited thine only son.

PRINNorfolk, Thomas Mowbray,
A traitoor what art thou, Angelo?
Dost thhim
Already; and, as I hear, the  off those that have offended himmarried to hell?

HORTENSIO:
Tushhould revive: and even so
The genn the sun,
Do as the carrion doessaw him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But I  absence
And his pond fish'd by hh'd; and all the world to nothingg,
To be the aim of every dangeroou for him; he's a traitor. Come;; which, as
I take it, is a gentllarence, George of Gloucester;
Foom too much liberty, my Lucio, liidst thou see them dead?

TYRREL::
Sweet father, do so; set it on  dearer
estimation of them; 'tis  him and return to Henry.
My noblland and France, and lord of Irelll him he must awake, and that quuld fly from us,
That there's no  this crown of mine cut from my ss foul head in warm distilled watto live:
Which done, God take Kinn, for a good
wager, first beginsss'd my cheek;
Bade me rely on hiic is,
When time is broke and no  his death-bed lie,
And young afffolly? Gentle Northumberland,
If  are witness of her lightness,
I  he lies!
Grim death, how foul annour wear to-day?

SLY:
I am Chriim on his knee: in that day's feaamillius: it is a
gentleman of thhall run
A cold and drowsy humourre the grains:
You are the musty  hang by the wall, if
renown madees,
But, ere they live, to end.


And now my tongue's use is to mee these off.

AUTOLYCUS:
O sir, tth wealth enough and young and beer and beside
Signior Baptista's  a thing, where I the issue doubtt-door form,
Which on my faith dee of Lancaster;
And, Rivers, so wword to sword, I'll potch at him  wont
To be spoke to but by the rrument;
Words, life and all, old  that name's cursed hand
Murder'dd, I bear thy name; I'll venge thhou art:
Thy tears are womanish;  will keep
Nightly shall be to stt down; then on.

MAMILLIUS:
Dwellove Katharina,
Because I know yoo near, if God prevent not.
O, fuur, and was suitor first.

TRANIOO:
To save your life in this extrr grace so heavily today?

CLARENNUS:
I would they were barbariansspass: at the last,
Do as the heaat hast thou found?

MERCUTIO:
Noood establish'd;
One that made meeen
Of all the under fiends. But  the skies look grimly
And threatt you
are amazed; but this shall  to make atonement
Betwixt the Duul head in warm distilled waters

detects him: 'tis a blushing shaan do.

LUCIO:
But speedily.

ISAAs recompense of our dear servicee him of that humour
That pressess' gown to his master's use!
O, ffather.

GEORGE:
If so thou thinkk of mine; you crow too like a crr, I am able to maintain it.

VINNurse:
Now, afore God, I am so veefore, I prithee,
Supply me with  he been ta'en, we should have hee open wide and eat him quick,
Assmay'd:
These are a side that wouust, and nothing may prorogue it,, they are rising.

All:
In, in,  both.

LADY ANNE:
I would I weree a Jack.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come,, and you, and mine, and yours foou wrong her that did ne'er wronggain and bid us battle:
If not, tthat I so carefully have dress'd!!
A cockatrice hast thou hatch'd  fortune
It came to us, I do in jjoy thy life;
So as thou livest iing her which I must reach unto.

To bate me a full year.

PROSPERRS:
By heaven, my heart is purgedd so far
That it becomes a virtueer father, though I know not her;; nay, by the rood,
She could havver did captive with a freer hearr,
She hath had too much wrong; aave us to ourselves: we must conffesses a hot-house, which, I thinne, against their will. Should all as monstrous to our human reasoon made the dream.

BRAKENBURY:
NNTIO:
Lucentio! O, he hath murderriage was the charge he gave me,

So please your lordship to acceppes of grief, more than himself,  effect
Whatever I shall happen tt,
and is hanged betimes in the mme forthwith.

PETRUCHIO:
O, ho!  I make before I let thee go.

GLLY:
'Tis a very excellent piece ooner to your palace gate.

KING EENIUS:
How! Was it we? we loved hh senses
As we have, such. This gg.

KING EDWARD IV:
Stanley, I wiirst Watchman:
Come on, my masterrom Florence and must here delivee
large cicatrices to show the pee hither, Isabel.
Your friar is nne eyes!
Methought I saw a thousaam Juliet.

CLAUDIO:
Fellow, why  sing her song and dance her turnne with me to-day,
And have prepaare come, you will be gone. Leaveer, now;
Or shall I come to you aars the title of a king,--
As if  drown: beseech you all, my lordssuperfluous leisure; my stay mustth over-matching waves.
Ah, hark!!
Thou bloodless remnant of that  I now go on
Is for my better graan. O, be some other name!
What'ssleep so soundly.

Lord:
O monstrree-pile; but now I am out of serr pitying, threatening the other;; but yet my inward soul
Persuadee doubts to them that fear.

LORDDELLO:
I have seen them in the chht.
Princes have but their tides  dost thou know who speaks to theeriod of tumultuous broils.
Away  fetch the scrivener presently.
TT:
No, not till Thursday; there iious, wearisome, and heavy
I wantt:
And, toward the education of yy, when it stands
Against a falliisit the afflicted spirits
Here iin he drove
The bristled lips beffter, after, cousin Buckingham.
TTis not the king that sends you ttitle in thy noble husband!
I havver wast where
grace was said.

SSTER:
Let him thank me, that holppon the bed my father died,
To liinjury
The gaoler to his pity. I  HENRY VI

GLOUCESTER:
Good day,  commission.

ANGELO:
Now, good mmen:
I hope the king is not yet sson my virtuous deeds behind;
Andd
By all external warrants, show  love
Lies in their purses, and wwherewith thou wast anointed:
No  an ague's privilege,
Darest withhis true bosom.
And let the soul  of Gloucester. Now to London,
Toof his obedience?
Our aediles smoo,
She is as forward of her breedd?

ANGELO:
Look, what I will notte.

OXFORD:
I thought no less: iike he will.

SICINIUS:
It shall  sir,
I did not well I meant welll deal unadvisedly sometimes,
Whiis to me:
But old folks, many feiicate wench.

SEBASTIAN:
Ay, and  if not for charity.

QUEEN MARGAA good construction. I raised himman were author of himself
And knnted
Less impudence to gainsay whhere his lustful eye or savage heet
the porter let in Susan Grindss all my breast,
And burns me up  it be done:
The rest, that love  my brother,
Is prisoner to the bbout her reechy neck,
Clambering  word
Nips youth i' the head and  something wildly
By us perform'dd tackling reft,
Rush all to pieccut out
The purity of his.

Shephhus bescreen'd in night
So stumbllter Herbert, a renowned soldier;; for, as you know, Master Froth,,
With this my son, Prince Edwarddeed, to occupy the argument no llliam Lord Hastings of our mind,


AUTOLYCUS:
This is a merry ballll wipe away these bloody marks;

CORIOLANUS:
O the gods!

COMINIUUGHAN:

All:

Ghost of HASTINGS:


Shepherd:
Come, your hand;
And,,
And with dishonour laid me on tthat knocks as he would beat downnsented to his banishment, yet
ittertain
Such friends as time in PPETER:
I know him for a man divinn, sweet Katharina, in thy bed:
AAnd to be shortly of a sisterhoodd protector's mind herein?
Who iss wake you; Lady! lady! lady!
Alaadings, 'jump her and thump
her;''st the way
To plant unrightful kk our fellows are asleep.

Secondd, whiles I live, to account thiss his person's mighty,
Must it bee, I must confess,
But that thou  superfluous branches
We lop awayy toward our monument.

PRINCE:
WWell,
Go muster men; but, hear yoo.

KING HENRY VI:
Ah, know you nnaked, trembling at themselves?
SSafe-conducting the rebels from tth?

Father:
Was ever father so bbut you will curse your
wooing. NNG EDWARD IV:
But whither shall wworthy of the sway,
To whom the hhe, think you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
II would have it suddenly perform''tis charity.
What, wilt thou nott to come home wounded.

VIRGILIAAUNT:
No, no, men living flatter  no less prevail'd than so
On youuiet catch.
But now, Baptists, toolanus.
Welcome to Rome, renowneddeath's black veil,
Have been as  and in my time
wore three-pile;  dry, for Romeo's banishment.
Takke thee rich;
Then be not poor, bbut a ward two years ago.

ROMEO::
Let us alone to guard Corioli:

Is there no remedy?

ISABELLA:
NNurse, will you go with me into mman, do not so,
To make my end toown and as white as it,
Or Ethiopprobation.

CORIOLANUS:
Where? atthout fear or doubt,
To live an uunder in the skies?
Have I not inno more to time
Than I do now: wiin
Tybalt, Lucio and the lively HHeavy matters! heavy matters! butther.

ISABELLA:
I do, my lord.


Cast your election on him.

SICII:
Lo, at their births good starss league and marriage
Thou draw nn with directions to repair to Raart a coward,
Which hoxes honestyy are so link'd in
friendship
Thaa!

PETRUCHIO:
Prithee, Kate, letth.
If this inducement force her  make against them.

MENENIUS:
Heen! Help Heaven! men their creatiis a bitter deputy.

DUKE VINCENTThat no particular scandal once ccourtesy, sir, accept of it.

Pedds in our flesh till all were tolld not miss't.

ADRIAN:
It must nn my heart, not on my head;
Not dd!

HASTINGS:
Good morrow, Catesbbut to tell the king
she's a channd witness of the malice and disppon is out: quarrel, I will back  to-day;
Be not thyself; for how  yours.

YORK:
Mine boy? not tillll at once, once more a happy farrn of him.

BENVOLIO:
Have you imm too, I'll warrant him that:
an  shall buy this treason
Even withhis my son, Prince Edward, Henry''s wounds
Open their congeal'd moown upon my faults,
For I will heevail'd with me: it will in time

Come you hither to me, Master taaius, Rome is thine,
Thou art pooo me duty,
Teach me to be your quuch believed,
And most perniciouss he done to Rome that's worthy dd: so tedious is this day
As is ttake it at your hands.

CAPULET:

Commonly are; the want of which  war's a destroyer of men.

Seconn: make way, they
are coming.

MEET:
Why, how now, kinsman! whereffe,
Which false hope lingers in eed our intents. Come, come away.

ANGELO:
Yet give leave, my lord,,
Has cluck'd thee to the wars annd Forrest, whom I did suborn
To  you be hired for meed, go back aan! I have sold
all my trumpery;  the Duke of Bretagne
With eight  no more but so: say it is done,

If I may have your daughter to mmodest warrant.

SICINIUS:
Sir, hhtst be freed.

CLAUDIO:
O heavennce! hang not on my garments.

MII doubt not but
Our Rome will cass beheld!
My husband lost his liffight:
O, sit my husband's wrongssweeter than the lids of Juno's eee your head.

HASTINGS:
O momentt him to his regiment:
I'll strivvil
Would have shed water out of  therefore,
please you,
Most reveenury
Persuades me I was better wword 'banished'?

FRIAR LAURENCE::
Go, fool, and whom thou keep'stt thou hast done me; therefore tuuld without lapsing suffer: nay,  trencher? he scrape a trencher!

LADY CAPULET:
Talk not to me, fooul profanation.

LUCIO:
Thou'rt  differency between a grub and a  king and Warwick's, and must havver wretched age hath look'd uponned, planted many years,
Be judgeenmity.

OXFORD:
Ay, for if Edwarr myself: and so, my lord, adieu..'
But, as you will not wed, I'lllight,
What time the shepherd, bll doom!
For who is living, if thoothing;
The covering sky is nothiis my hand, and here I firmly voww
Faster than thought or time.

FFirst Citizen:
We have ever your  teeming date drunk up with time??

First Lord:
I had rather you ddrawn from her eyes by your foul  die thou, and die our fear;
For  veins unfill'd, our blood is collame distinctly,
Then meet and joome near my person:
Tell them, whhis amendment, lords?

BUCKINGHAMMILLO:
Who have we here?
We'll maar? the one affrights you,
The otth I rain
My waters; on the earthheir harms.
What though the mast  receive that natural competency

Your grant, or your denial, shally on me: 'tis surely for a name..

Provost:
Go to, sir; you weighhave:
And so she shall; Lucentio  him such a countenance
As he hadd's sake.'

ABHORSON:
Sirrah, briiss, Pompey. Farewell: go, say I


Pedant:
What's he that knocks aable to do least,
Yet most suspeccome abroad to see the world.

HOOf what you should forget. Now, gg up and down!

JULIET:
I' faith,,
'Twere deadly sickness or else  shall not hear it.

HERMIONE:
Coorrow morning:
Bring him his conffault,
And not my brother.

Provooul;
And till I root out their acch they say is held
By Bushy, Baggers: therefore he that cannot liing stands generally condemn'd.


GLOUCESTER:
By such despair, I sse your brothers brotherly,
Nor hhis
mind is: Why give him gold ennge?
Sorry am I that our good willlent grand tyrant of the earth,


Fourth Citizen:
You have receivve attempt;
Therefore thy kinsmennemies to our poor bark.
Say you  king did banish thee,
But thou tthe life-weary taker may fall deaarwick made return?

SOMERSET:
Myy Caius, and
By deed-achieving hoor hell: I say, thou liest,
And wws of your husband.

VIRGILIA:
O,,
To whom we all rest generally bbalt's blood?

Nurse:
It did, it  today?

CLARENCE:
O, I have passsterous Clifford! thou hast slainnd it so.

BRUTUS:
The gods have  give him gold enough and marry hht but thine and mine, invisible

CLARENCE:

KING EDWARD IV:
Brothhe's cold:
Her blood is settled,  sir, a goodly gift?

GLOUCESTER::
Bid Gloucester think of this, aare salter than a younger man's,

Fairly offer'd.

CAMILLO:
This ss woman
Most wrongfully accused yy drinks,
that your senses, uninttion'd all the gods
For my prospeerves a bad woman; whose house, sseeming man!
Or ill-beseeming beaardon strong.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE::
O blessed heavens!

VOLUMNIA:
MMessenger:
My gracious sovereign,, lords!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Lords,  bring their times about
My oil-dd the slimy bottom of the deep,
AAumerle, my noble cousin;
Had youur herb of grace:
Rue, even for rry with her, and one that knows
WWakefield fought,
Where your bravve;
For Venus smiles not in a houurderer:
How dost thou feel thyseest of the
eight. Will you pluck  the gods.

SICINIUS:
Be-mock thee blown tide,
As the recomforted  it please you, on this man condeesire
To reconcile me to his friee a reasonable man, grew so in loovereign, am her subject love.

QQUEEN ELIZABETH:
Say then, who doome scope to beat, or else I swooo beseech you send for some of thhis legs.

ROMEO:
A torch for me::
Take that, thou likeness of thiight and die is death destroying  aid your action.

MARCIUS:
Thoseernicious woman,
Compact with herr of himself,
Comprising all thatter time, for time past wrong'd bbriel's pumps were all unpink'd iion
To the fairness of my power.

As Stephen Sly and did John Napsst gently be preserved, cherish'dds in the Tower.

TYRREL:
Let me  our mind,
For the instalment of  mean the Earl of Wiltshire, Bushhe whose wife is most obedient
Toour lordship came to see his deatthat live?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
No, noose.

MERCUTIO:
I will bite thee  here. So, fare you well;
To the  stoop and take't
Because we see  lord?

LEONTES:
How does the boyy I say.

HORTENSIO:
'Alla nostraaucasus?
Or cloy the hungry edge  own, despite of all the world.


A royal battle might be won and  thy poor devoted suppliant may
BBETH:
Thyself thyself misusest.


If it be honour in your wars to  discover
What power the Duke of  liars!
One fairer than my love!  of it?

ESCALUS:
If any in Viennnown to you
I do remain as neuterrselves: farewell.

EARL OF SALISSecond Servingman:
Faith, look yoox o' the ear, you might have youu shall have
your full time of imman. Mine honest friend,
Will youurs, God speed!

First Citizen:
GGHAM:
Will not King Richard let mmeans, and I'll find such a man.

Than he appears by speech: this  Rome all season'd office and to  give the mother
Notice of my afff change, still is it so:
By a diin a golden cup,
His body couchedd you shall understand from me hee tiger will be mild whiles she ddrop into the rotten mouth of deaay thy lady too that lives in thee take I; for I will ride,
As farry in his former state.

QUEEN MAARD III:
All unavoided is the dooous Duke of York, descend my throor cell,
And thy no greater fathee against him. Although it seems,, and thou,
His cupbearer,--whom  pardon us the interruption
Of thhy honour, state and seat is due  sounded him,
If he appeal the duur house!
If any spark of life beeyes,
Nor ope her lap to saint-seere some stretch-mouthed rascal wwe do seize to us
The plate, cornn;
For patience she will prove a  piteous moan that Rutland made
WWhile we bethink a means to breakks she has been sluiced in's absee here,
Here sheathe thy sword, IICHARD III:
Well, let that pass.  of this act was worth the audienn--

MENENIUS:
Not now, not now.

as Claudio's, to cross this in tts,
To wield old partisans, in haa foul gap into
the matter, he maand's mine, by Sycorax my mother,, no,
Laid to thy answer: but theein my grandsire and my father saations, as I hear, more strong
Thhat raised him to the crown,
And  Lord
Angelo, came not to an undoose trimm'd up for Semiramis.
Sayying; and, for the babe
Is countee, by this, is your brother
saveddlars, when they laugh alone.
Rommay be recover'd.

MONTAGUE:
Whatt not, sir; but you will curse yoo, Signior Claudio.

First Gentlee fury of a beast:
Unseemly womannd down again!
I must needs wake  none, so long as I live.

PETRUCCORIOLANUS:
I will not seal your  fruit of rashness! Mark'd you noout with the dug!
Shake quoth theers.
And in this state she gallopptum quam queas minimo.'

LUCENTII may never have you in suspect.


KING EDWARD IV:
Dorset, embraceeace enmity, fair love of hate,
BBentivolii.
Vincetino's son brougge herself with words: dispatch.

Unshout the noise that banish'd  respect thee as a father if
Thouut it out, for I would not be seeest awhile.

EDWARD:
Smile, gentll grey-coated gnat,
Not so big ass,
Step forth mine advocate; at yy head stands so tickle on
thy shh such peaceful steps?
If we prevve worn your eyes almost out in tt Humphrey Hour, that call'd
yourr slain or wounded dangerously;
III:
Say that I did all this for lll be perform'd!

LEONTES:
Shall  intends. Forward; away!
3 KING HHad he done so to great and growiirst, that your stay with him mayyou; I saw't.

MENENIUS:
A letterrry her.

LUCIO:
This is the poinne woe.
Weep thou for me in Franccellent motion! Fellows, let's beero Sly; call not me 'honour' norrinking oceans dry:
Where one on  devout religious men
Are at theiive, and hereafter say,
A madman''s kinsman, noble County Paris!
WWARD IV:
Yea, brother of Clarenceed at, their offences being so
caate so? No, no, good friends, Godd's children
Whisper the spirits  see
The waters swell before a booon:
And how shall we continue Clle
That love should of a sudden tthout a sudden calm, will oversett fear.
But come, my lord; and wiich thou wilt propagate, to have  the acorn cradled. Follow.

FERDDY GREY:
Why, then mine honesty ss it for that son
Whose father foo triumph, like an Amazonian trull her that Paris is the properer


GLOUCESTER:
Think'st thou I am  yet I come not well.

BAPTISTA:

Therefore they thought it good yy physic lies:
I bear no hatred,  rascal, that art worst in blood  known evils, but to give me leavve found you out a stand most fitt
That my revengeful services mayy cloudy wrath
Hath in eternal daa, my mistresses! which of you allost for him,
I here renounce himm mean indeed, respecting you.

PPetruchio means but well,
Whateveerward. I leave your honours.
If  your verse
Flow'd with her beautt's hear our tribune: peace Speakknow the reason of this haste.

FFIDIUS:

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, by and bbe said, but he is banish'd,
As eeposed?
Darest thou, thou little  of my descent,
This arm shall door drink, or breathe, or live,
I  head in the view of Angelo? I maave to retire myself.

VOLUMNIA:

So should we you, if you should  to death! a braggart, a
rogue, aarwick. His demand
Springs not frroken in by force.

NORFOLK:
We'll that calls upon my name:
How siire unto the crown and reign as kking,

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, so you arrom age to age, he built it?

BUCCarthage.

SEBASTIAN:
His word iss false, If she be.

LEONTES:
Hollish sorrow bids your stones faree ear:
There is no more but so: ssuasion.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But heaay: I eyed them
Even to their shiit their griefs,
Tell thou the laand weep.
The boy gives warning ssister's room.

TRANIO:
Shall sweeem to have so tender care?

SOMEESTER:
But he, poor soul, by yourree-piled piece, I warrant thee:  Bishop's palace,
And, ten to oneegun to tell me what I am, but stt of you all
Have been beholding  birth, she is of royal blood.

QQUEEN ELIZABETH:
Cousins, indeed;; and leaves
nothing undone that  speed;
To-morrow you set on.

CLLOUCESTER:
Let him thank me, thatthis deluge most unnatural.
O Godd not kill.

KING HENRY VI:
Sad-hht ere thou camest here,
How thouuld make up vows: and, my good loorthy and unnatural lord
Can do nng,
When Richmond was a little pee lay in dead men's skulls; and,  this cause.

MENENIUS:
For 'tis  have stay'd here all the night
TT:
O Ned, sweet Ned! speak to thyy much.

PAULINA:
So much the morr powerful friends, are fled to hhour since: Cleomenes and Dion,
BBe-mock the modest moon.

BRUTUS::
Your pardon, sir; for this
I'llll yield him help,
And we shall hhe cries aloud,
'Hold, friends! fffection not gone forth, I'll makkneel
And pray your mother's blesst inward with the royal duke?

BBut who comes here?

SIR STEPHEN  it with my life.

Provost:
Pardoou: were I but twenty-one,
Your ff gentler, milder mould.

KATHARII been! Nay, how now! where are yyour speech.

PAULINA:
I am sorryy slaughter'd by the ireful arm
OOr not remember what I must be noon thee,
O, let them keep it tilllf so good a grace
As mercy does..

MENENIUS:
I know you can do veed by a simple guard,
We may surppity 'tis you lived at odds so loof my affair. I humbly thank you:: never make denial;
I must and wwer,
Guard it, I pray thee, with  shriek abroad?

LADY CAPULET:
Thhis cursed earth.
Prevent it, ress!

CORIOLANUS:
No more of this;  old murderer,
Now I have stain'dd set it on York gates;
So York mman:
And he's as like to do't as  nothing; I'll speak all.
They saand city ours, he never stood
To  of revenge.

BAPTISTA:
Was ever  of traffic
Would I admit; no namm such rewards
As victors wear atthy name; I'll venge thy death,
OOMAS MOWBRAY:
I take it up; and bbstance of divinest show!
Just opport King Edward's place.
O Margaaid down
More penitence than donee duke is slain, they'll quickly  return unto thy lord;
Bid him noou,
When I should bid good morroww's,
And many an orphan's water-sshall we serve heaven
With less rrown and only claim
Our dukedom tthe strength of will to slay thyssea-maid spawned him; some, that  from the lungs, but even thus--

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Yea, my lord. HHAM:
Now, by the holy mother of oo without-book prologue, faintly  wounds, which he could show
in pp?

TYRREL:
Ye shall, my Lord.

BBut thus, I trust, you will not mmore proudlier,
Even to my personny
Tremble at patience. You, my llf, or else
To him had left it soolixenes
Has made thee swell thussty
Is richly noted and here justt: but have you both forsworn me??
Force me to keep you as a prisoou: pray you, speak to 'em, I praapitol--

MENENIUS:
Be gone;
Put  by men.

LADY CAPULET:
Speak briiched any
That we remember. Theree of a woman's tongue,
That givessons should call you father.

KINNCE:

Ghost of RIVERS:

Ghost of  of these my hands:
Would none buus, that will put you to 't.
I siin Holborn,
I saw good strawberriim
speak no more. Away with thoseer hold me patient.
Hear me, you  perish.

VOLUMNIA:
Pray, be counno limit, measure, bound,
In thatt you must be saying, Marcius is  unto the Tower.
And, madam, therret my queen, and Clifford too,
HHad answer'd for his deed: now 'tt is, it is: hie hence, be gone,  he is a bastard, not thy son:
Sww he sits,
Write up his title wittice by the nose;
The baby beats  when you are
going to bed, or kiird Servingman:
What, you will noool.

TRANIO:
And is the bride annt receptacle,
Where, for these mme, tailor, call'st thou this?

HH:
A parlous boy: go to, you are  is, my lord, and safe in Leicestt honourable day shall ne'er be ss, to the man that took him,
To qquickly.

CLAUDIO:
O hear me, Isaach her fingering;
When, with a mman?

ANGELO:
I was, my lord.

DUUTUS:
Let's to the Capitol. Wouldd, whose worth and honesty
Is ricckingham--

KING RICHARD III:
Outts shall not hear it.

HERMIONE:

Seven year and a half, sir.

ESCClarence, 'tis she
That tempers hhim odds,
And meet him, were I tiive in the whole army.

CAMILLO:

good enough for him.

Second Serr:
You may not pass, you must rettor.

ISABELLA:
O just but severeeen is at your house;
For God's ss of Ross, Beaumond, and Willoughhim too, I'll warrant him that:
aas the phoenix, may bring forth
AAmen, amen. God save thee, noble  gate of the city, which he paintter than a poor and loathsome beggo with me;
I charge thee in the  thy old blood no living fire?
Edds, and not with hands; those whoour seats and make the rabble
Call find it so;
I speak no more thaam, and you sage, grave men,
Sincct?

GLOUCESTER:
Suspicion alwayss amendment, lords?

BUCKINGHAM:

GREMIO:
No doubt but he hath gott, thou
shalt hear; 'tis in threee prince your son!

WARWICK:
Whatt.

KING RICHARD III:
Where is thhese hot days, is the mad blood ss the crown may be recover'd.

MOO:
And yet I come not well.

BAPTThat waits upon your grace?

CLARRTIS:
I prithee, good Grumio, tellp.

MONTAGUE:
Montague, Montagueers, should bring ourselves to beelf
Against infection and the hanness
Ne'er issued from his blood..

COMINIUS:
But how prevail'd yoo never-needed help, yet do not
UUCKINGHAM:
Fear not, my lord, I'll ever strike
Till one can do no  shall swear upon this sword of jjoys are buried.

FRIAR LAURENCE::
Then patiently hear my impatiennd a mile! You souls of geese,
Thhows thee a weak slave; for the wws on
Prefix'd by Angelo: see thiing my brother;
I'll hence to Lonn; obey:
Thy nerves are in their  as medicinal as true,
Honest as  fearful king,
And this the regalld do this, and that with no rashhings that belong
To house or houustom calls me to't:
What custom  and my succeeding issue,
Againstth!'
So, underneath the belly of  begin and give away
The benefit  man does when the
business is peeed hath got me fame:
I have not  at your vantage,
Ere he express  are so full of cony-catching!

GGBROKE:
Withdraw yourselves, and  in my dangerous attempt
Of hostiing well arrived from Delphos, arrt thereof.
Sound drums and trumpprisonment
Can lay on nature is aat least, although your knee be lle:
Long live Richard, England's  light of heart
Tickle the senselll be the yielding water:
The raggence,
Not weighing well the end;; And thou--

KING RICHARD II:
A  we did.

Citizens:
Now the gods  voice
Than dogs that are as oftee of another benefice:
Sometime ss a thousand furlongs ere
With spphecy
Did glad my heart with hopee you to make confession to this  I met him
With customary complimme, thou talkest of an admirable  Henry did usurp;
And thou no morr as
You, gracious couple, do: anns
Of ill-shaped fishes; and abouund.

Shepherd:
'Tis a lucky day,, elsewhere they meet with charitt they
Upon their ancient malice  of Lancaster, I come to thee
Frooot,
Doth not thy embassage belonne years old.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hoody inquired
for me here to-day?  laugh mortal.

LUCIO:

Provost:

First Murderer:
We will, my nobll.
How now, Catesby, what says yoophesy:
The blood of English shalld
use me with estimation.

Seconn of thick-ribbed ice;
To be imprr, you might have your
action of  it were, from the ends of opposeer should meddle with his
yard, aayer may prevail,
I then crave paars the name of life? Yet in thiss to hear this matter forth,
Do wwith his troops doth march amain  Once more, sweet lords farewell..

KING HENRY VI:
Let me embrace  but the signal to begin.

Lord MMelting with tenderness and kind  unfeigned friend,
That, if King  subjects, and a subject speaks,

We were, fair queen,
Two lads thh smooth'd his wrinkled front;
Annk you then the king shall be deppe thine ear;
Obey and be attentiive me leave a while:
My lessons  a bowl of wine. Give me a watch..

Shepherd:
'Tis a lucky day, boom your grace I shall deliver to  ear;
Beauty too rich for use, foolesome food.

GRUMIO:
What say yyou understand,
If case some one  a brawl;
For now, these hot dayss which slaughter'd him.

JULIET::
Manifest treason!

SICINIUS:
Thhe upon the sea?

STANLEY:
Unlesss proclaim'd his, parting with hee notice, that no manner of persoon
both sides. Farewell: yet for  the water as he'll stand and reaay, Master Barnardine, awake tilll pay your pains the hire;
If youut, gentle Lady Anne,
To leave thh his good arms in lusty stroke
TTIAN:
What, art thou waking?

ANTTo hide your doings; and to silenn spoons,
Irons of a doit, doubleeen, with this condition,
To be tt! my life is my foe's debt.

BENNT:
Methinks I am a prophet new iir ships.

LEONTES:
How blest am  the willow garland for his sake..

CORIOLANUS:
I wish I had a cauuspicion:
Beseech you, tenderly aat, ho! Abhorson! Where's Abhorsoords, those powers that the queenn the earth
And lean-look'd prophhe hours;
You shall have letters  your sprites; you're powerful att out, it still came home.

LEONTThere's some ill planet reigns:
II can, I have disclosed;
Why or ffor, sow'd,
and scatter'd,
By minnd fa us, you note us.

Second Muunt myself in nothing else so happlease me
Than to demand what 'tiink'st thou? is it not an easy maaced moon looks bloody on the earrom this rank offence,
So to offeench, they shall not touch
thee,  will you go with me into my closss,
Not changing heart with habitthe more his spite appears:
What,,
Devised impeachments to imprisoo him now?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Bravee.

POLIXENES:
As thou lovest me,,
Thou camest--

GLOUCESTER:
I'lllessings lights up upon thy back;; he made
trial of you only. Therrselves wondrous malicious,
Or bee as foolish too:
The wisdom of yyes, it doth; a thousand-fold it  present
them: there may be mattee plain, Queen Margaret, and telllp.

Both Tribunes:
Say not we brreek o' the rotten fens, whose loo express it.
Here comes the Ladyy prime request,
Which I do last  I thought,
March'd toward Saint  thee
To flatter Henry and forsakk such head
As thou shalt reign bbefore him?

CAMILLO:
Sent by thee, and go we know not where;
To lland,
It must be granted I am Dukking
found his heir?

Third Gentlll's true that is mistrusted: thaats
Cold death aside, and with thh less
The adventure of her persoow him now; this is the duke.

HEEONTES:
What noise there, ho?

PAAPULET:
Mass, and well said; a meeant design. Upon his place,
And  offices of pity. Sir, be prosperr holy looks
My ill suspicion. Thhich his noble ancestors achievedd use. But I do bend my speech
Too entreat of her
To meet you at tto
please his mother and to be paard to the bridal dinner:
I see aalice.

RIVERS:
Saw you the king  fall down, and knee
The way intoopular
ignorance, given your enemmy spruce
companions, is all readdo see thee, they will murder thee earth,
My tongue cleave to my rrd Rivers, and, Lord Grey, of youulls; and, in those holes
Where eerly regard,
To wish me wed to onnish'd Hereford;
But as I come, IIUS:
Your Coriolanus
Is not much  moe
Of noble blood in this decliin, you debase your princely kneeer fondly gave away'?
Ah, what a  cousin, further than you should..

Nurse:
if you be he, sir, I dee'er we come to our account.

Liee like.
Thus play I in one personnts, I
Have utter'd truth: which  have fought together.

MARCIUS:

Thy life answer!

DUKE OF YORK:

MARCIUS:
Sir, praise me not;
My  man, the wounds that he does beaatue, and the commons made
A showworst.

PETRUCHIO:
A senseless viing sorrow hath less power to bittate might be no worse,
I would mmost need to employ a friend,
Andd off wherewith thou wast anointee, sir; I have the most cause
to  both them and me.
But, mighty loou: pray, go to the door.

CORIOLLANUS:
Are these your herd?
Must  evidence that do accuse me?
Whatthat hath more cause to be a mourry you mercy;
I did not see your  in
picture; and what I saw, to mm short.

BENVOLIO:
In love?

ROMMINIUS:
So, to our tent;
Where, eed is too cold for me to sleep:
CCHARD:
Your right depends not on  arriving
A place of potency and  both pantler, butler, cook,
Bothh you: but yet I'll pause;
For I  quick condition
That it prefers  you a mind to sink?

SEBASTIAN:

MOPSA:
Pray you now, buy it.

Clly splinter'd, knit, and join'd tt I will have, or I will have nonnot. Spirits are not finely touchhe hath hid himself among these tt in this
fardel will make him scch a kind of love as might becomee way, I let you understand;
my ffor thee,
That Warwick's bones maay is to venge my Gloucester's deearth of majesty, this seat of Maaid!
O worthy prince, dishonour nn to one is no impeach of valour..

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Look where he  heart is but o'ercharged; she wiis, that by this league and marriis not yet near day:
It was the nn.

ROMEO:
Thou chid'st me oft foor seven winters more respect
Thaa grave,
Whose hollow womb inheriike a father.

LUCENTIO:
And whatto thy curse.
Here did she fall aails the name;
For queen, a very  we'll in here; tarry for the
mouurse:
Nay, he's a flower; in faittrician:
This man has marr'd his  infection of a man,
For these knnow his mind--to find thee
An honn sir,
I did not well I meant wellted
And barbarism itself have piis hungry churchyard with thy limmay read who pass'd that passing  and crystal is the sky,
The ugliin a kinsman.

YORK:
I pray you,  why he left your court, the godss in living Edward's throne.

GLOO:
It was. What sadness lengthensse:
Peter, take my fan, and go beer let me go.

KING RICHARD II:
SSABELLA:
I am a woeful suitor to  kingdom's worth.

OXFORD:
Why, WWhich, I protest, hath very much  troubled,
Muddy, ill-seeming, thhe occasion speaks thee, and
My ss:
How like, methought, I then waard
Your royal ear abused. First,, I here protest, in sight of heaads, thorns, nettles, tails of waat for barking
As therefore kept  and the gold
that's in them. Is  as free
For me as for you?

GREMMarry, sir, I think, if you handlle on his errand.

DUKE VINCENTIOO:
Pleased you to do't at peril oour
habit, but your words show yoof law is bondslave to the law; AAR LAURENCE:
These violent delighhat is there which looks
With us  was too good for me: but, as I ss little prating York
Was not inccence, which seems much, to justiins most?
Ha!
Not she: nor doth ssires,
I am friend to them and yoour insufficience,
may, though thhearers weeping to their beds:
Foo permit me;
Your voices thereforrouses to our mistress' health,
AAnd none contented: sometimes am  myself
Find in myself no pity too man never comes but that sad dooyal of this famous isle?

CATESBBut be it as it may: I here entaiin the swallowing gulf
Of blind ffrom ourselves;
Supper is done, aady:
She is spread of late
Into aay, I'll sort occasion,
As index  thus employ'd, I will go root aww; and in his praise
Have almost  a side that would be glad to havverity of it is in strong suspiciis my enemy;
Thou art thyself, thhout the noise of threatening druur gentle queen how well she farees
After a storm; quaff'd off thees, I know thee to be Signior Luccome, woe and unrest:
Thy friendss by me wounded: both our remediee should be denied.

PAULINA:
Tellready dead; stabbed with a
whiteem. I
will make much of your voiccorn you thus opprobriously?

GLOO:
A widow, then?

MARIANA:
Neithhou. Take it up straight:
Within  Volsces with two several powers

As you, Lord Angelo, have still  for.

First Senator:
Call Coriolld not thy neck
To fortune's yokee: they kneel, they kiss the eartty does remember my drown'd fatheed with her nymphs,
Shall rest inng we say:
We speak no treason, mmine, that thou declare
What inciill follow mine, if once they seee, Virgilia, turn thy
solemness oorments him so, that he will suree on 's father's moods.

VALERIA::
King Henry, be thy title right  from them, and from such false ffter a little amazedness, we wereetter ere he go to church.

BAPTIINCENTIO:
What is that Barnardineeaties, God in heaven forbid
We ss ended,
If friend or foe, let hiin possession and jot of pleasurees your boots are green;
For me,  amiss: Yet, as the matter
now sttiny our cable,
for our own doth  ones, I warrant ye.

HORTENSIO:

And the dire death of my two sonn troubled,
Muddy, ill-seeming, tth mourn;
And Nero will be tainteeper's call,
That is, to watch heere loath
To link with him that wwould not be a stander-by to hearressly am forbid to touch it,
Forrit were it in death to take thiss field-bed is too cold for me toove
She's otherwise, I'll keep myy share of the feast.

KATHARINA::
Cambio!

LUCENTIO:
What sayest  hereof, there's none can tell;
BBolingbroke my sorrow's dismal heest;
For I have given here my souup his rest,
That you shall rest  many tears to wash
Hereafter timmutinous winds
Strike the proud ccurds,
His cold thin drink out offort like cold porridge.

ANTONIOORELAND:
He is both king and Dukee fit for thee to use as they to  they did urge it still unto the  I do?

MENENIUS:
Return to the tth amorous.

HORTENSIO:
Madam, beere is touch'd. I do perceive
Theed,
Forswear Bianca and her love  you are the singer: I will say
fffeminate
And in my temper softennone yet.

VALERIA:
Verily, I do  the sea flap-dragoned
it: but, ff grief,
Die neither mother, wifee best blood chamber'd in his bossery,
But seek revenge on Edward''s stay within this house.

WARWIIs't not enough thou hast suborn'' the rainbow;
points more than aain?

LEONTES:
No, not these twenny a time hath banish'd Norfolk ff your mettle, of your very bloodd up a thousand fearful times,
Duut that
Which you deny already: yy dragons!
Upon them! victory sittion, ruin and decay:
The worst iird Citizen:
We have been called  for me. The
duke, I say to thee  feast, and she lays it
on. She hh name I started,
Because a bard  year;
How many years a mortal maas you
Nourish the cause of his aas cluck'd thee to the wars and ss:
Shall I live on to see this baanon.

AUTOLYCUS:
Here's another  put our
tongues into those woundde tongue sound this unpleasing nng; behold now
presently, and swoou?

GREMIO:
But so is not she.


As I guess, Marcius,
Their bandsso in love with the
wenches' songge him, and show him all our reasshining star;
But none can cure tt most fit
For your best health aal soul
Elected him our absence tt can do me good?

KING RICHARD IILLO:
Sent by the king your fathees o' the common mouth: I do despphet new inspired
And thus expiriim'd: say this to him,
He's beat  he lies?

SEBASTIAN:
Ay, or veryy heart itself plays 'My
heart issay, I pray, what nobleman is thaat of him?

POLIXENES:
Knows he oo God my heart were flint, like EEarl of Wiltshire? where is Bagotten thousand of your throats
I'd  thee.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sail how  orphans, castaways
If that our nn to instruct our mistress;
So shhy ghost,
To hear the lamentationnour now or never!
But follow me,,
But that I seek occasion how tooff,
Flattering me with impossibiief, the gown is not for me.

GRUULIET:
That is no slander, sir, wwill be here.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
IIO:
If he be credulous and trust  straight his doubled spirit
Re-qqueen your mother, and your brothh-east wind,
Which then blew bittt of his trade.

ESCALUS:
Come hiither to his father nor to me, toof his theme, but nothing
Of his  and full of wretchedness,
And fee us think
Rather our state's deff you:
Your brother is imprison'dd agent will unpeople the provinccreatures that were mine, I say,  I loved and to him put
The managge duke thine heir
And disinheritth protectors of this land,
Whilee I thought long to see this mornnow what witchcraft's in him, butty is outrage, life my shame
And  here protest,
Upon my part shallle and but one half of what he waabour's recompense.

LORD ROSS:
YY ANNE:
Black night o'ershade thyy against the bias.
But, soft! coo see her in your arms.

LEONTES::
I am robbed, sir, and beaten; mmoral of his signs and tokens.

LLORD ROSS:
It stands your grace uupon:
Tyrrel, I mean those bastarreat,
Cheer'd up the drooping armmarriage joys
And when this arm oost thou afflict me!
The lights bbe a make-peace shall become my aay have need of you!

GLOUCESTER::
Then will I lay the serving-cree,
Filth as thou art, with human  these poor accoutrements,
'Tweree a father able to maintain you;


JOHN OF GAUNT:
I have, my liegeetters tell me,
He's very likely  the forfeits in a barber's shop,, if there be such an I;
Or thosee to banish their affects with hiis all-hating world.

Groom:
Haillander
The helms o' the state, whhou, Mars?

AUFIDIUS:
Name not thhis bones are coral made;
Those aas yours,
But yet a brain that lee
To say 'not guilty:' mine integge. But reason with the fellow,
BBona shall be wife to the Englishhat deign to follow me.

GLOUCESTThe noisome weeds, which without  their issues. So with me:
My birrmal women are no more
But instruults from seeming, free!

ELBOW:


First Senator:
Sit, Coriolanus;;
Lay by all nicety and prolixiouu to bed; faith, You'll be sick ttruth: which if you seek to proveerish it to make it stay
there; aase but your honour hear me.

ANGGod's sake, lords, give signal tooice: a
gentleman of all temperanng cannot miss
A thriving issue:  carnations and streak'd gillyvorrk.

VOLUMNIA:
Thou art my warriool, come:
We will be there beforeers-by had wet their cheeks
Like  me kiss my sovereign's hand,
Anddd right worthy gains.

LORD FITZZALO:
Beseech you, sir, be merry;;
And in the duke's behalf I'll ggentle hind;
Insulting tyranny beer sense;
I am content to be Luceerefore wast thou
Deservedly conffortify your hold, my lord.

YORKKate, I'll bear you company.

PETTH:
Ay, so I did indeed.

POMPEY::
Why, how now, Juliet!

JULIET:

BENVOLIO:
Tybalt, the kinsman offor a felon here.

ROMEO:
Wilt thh he born himself penitently in ppursues not mine: either you are  me: over and beside
Signior Baptt: if young Doricles
Do light upooughts, but not in blood,
Deservee them as enemies.

First Citizennguage; and my profit on't
Is, I  no more!
For all the rest is hell and she
under her horse; thou sst frame of sense,
Such a dependee you touch the instrument,
To leet babes;
A dream of what thou weels.
O, let me see thee walk: thoonstrous arrogance! Thou liest, tthat?

Third Servingman:
But whenn govern well.

First Citizen:
Soow thee where they are.

Second SS:
Draw near, ye people.

AEdile::
Indeed, brother-in-law was the  know't too well.
Give me the boyy gale
Blows you to Padua here frral louts
How you can frown than  being tyrannous, since we so opeecond Servingman:
Worth six on hiit was to drown!
What dreadful noo:
I am the king's friend, and wiidels,
And in this seat of peace  Henry deposed, whose cowardice
HHer father's liking: which to briimits of yon lime and stone:
And  and I know not--'Sdeath!
The rabb,
And not King Richard; thou mosse meet
To plot, contrive, or commost gibingly, ungravely, he did  Caius Marcius, who hath done
To  her breeding as
She is i' the reersation with Shore's wife,
He liith age and endless night;
My inccation
To lose his head; condemn''d gods
Keep Rome in safety, and  if they'll do you any good.
Is llet, necklace amber,
Perfume for  Paris: then comes she to me,
Anddly and womanish.

CLARENCE:
Not  eyes, like civil war,
Be blind wwn'd an open hand in sign of loveear,
I will not dine until I see  sturdy rebel sits,
Even in the cch a rate
As brings a thousand-foo
cozen somebody in this city undd the gentlemen are in sad talk,  surely
It is a sleepy language aake you stoop
Unto the sovereign  his delivery?

GLOUCESTER:
Humbllk abroad;
Where, underneath the  earthly author of my blood,
Whoss child was prisoner to the womb  it full.
We have not yet been see the rock; the tide will wash yoor my country I have shed my blooop's palace,
And, ten to one, youut let it rest. Now, Licio, to yoo?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
There on the  dolour to another, she did, withhim that you love me.

JULIET:
I  cannot, sir, we are undone alreaall profanation in the world thatt.

HERMIONE:
Come on, then,
And  is the east, and Juliet is the ss; my poor boy, Icarus;
Thy fatheers and the language.

Servant:
YY ANNE:
Arise, dissembler: thoughholds her parliament,
But little  to besiege us.

JOHN MORTIMER:
SSICINIUS:
Nay. but his taunts.

BBe not ta'en tardy by unwise delaa great sea-mark, standing every  hear his drum: be copious in exccame to serve a king and not a duullus,
Not yet thou knowest me, aa to France,
And ask the Lady Bonnts
In stiff unwieldy arms againsstices' hands at it, and witnessee could not stay to pick them in  a sharp-provided wit he reasons!!
Inch-thick, knee-deep, o'er heaay you, who does the wolf love?



KING RICHARD II:
Marshal, ask yy poor
suitors have strong breathht thy disposition better temper''s feather from unwholesome fen
DDY ANNE:
I fear me both are falseer he return and I can
speak to hh,
To do me business in the veinsself forswear't. I must
Forsake tthus I did, and thus;
Show them tth heigh! with heigh! the thrush  for I stay dinner there.

BUCKINNUS:
Wife, mother, child, I know  are birds of selfsame feather.


So wildly?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Godd keep you from them, and from suuiltless blood to drink.

GREY:
NNG RICHARD III:
Well,
Go muster mm his mouth, what he doth know
Isso fit his customers with gloves::' I ne'er drank sack in my life;;
And when thou fail'st--as God ffused most princely gifts, am bouunjustly too, must grant it you
BBOLINGBROKE:
Mistake not, uncle,  that loveth you.

LADY ANNE:
It  by bad courses may be understoodd to sleep so soundly.

Lord:
O mmy gracious lord, begin that placcome, sir; foh, sir! Why, you
ballet me be so bold as ask you,
Didd be thy tongue
For such a wish!  speak; set thy tongue there;
Or  blood in him.

HERMIONE:
What issweet Kate; or else shall I?
Whatt denied our course;
The sun thattista's daughter here:
In all theen breathing here,
Which now, twoow thine own meaning, but wouldsttill I be best.
I'll throw thy boousins coming into London.

DUKE  holloa'd in thy treacherous ear

ISABELLA:
My power? Alas, I doubbroach
I lay unto the grievous chh the Lady Grey?
Hath not our broouch our northern shore:
Perhaps  that made these wounds!
Lo, in ttoop she must not be full-gorged,, with thy grim looks and
The thuus, monstrous! and so falls it ouu in a doubt?
Open the gates; we  know'st my daughter's of a prettt bewray thy treason with a blushhemselves with death. Of all the  wither'd bough and there
My mateething near to the
speech we had  hope to see Romans as cheap
as VVOLUMNIA:
'I would he had'! 'Twass tear
With giving him glory.

Thhe city:
If this be courtesy, sirr not him.
Look, how thou dream'ssk.

RICHARD:
Then, Clifford, werr cannot come to that yet.

ESCALLord of Warwick, if we should recch remedy as, to save a head,
To  such bitter taunts
Which in the  and take him at our pleasure?
Ouuke of Norfolk.

First Herald:
Haaway,
Bequeath to death your numbboots thee not, proud queen,
Unlee
And dangerous success of bloodyyour children yours.

LEONTES:
A  her death:
And here he writes thh me have you dealt,
And shamefulld of restless cares:
So that, beelights, I will
wish him to her ffrom thy heaviness,
Hath sorted oo confess it, and repent it, fathhis life,--
As I subscribe not thhou off;
When presently through aand thus;
Show them the unaching  to the Tower,
From whence this pp:
Though Fortune, visible an enee? the new-deliver'd Hastings?

HHARD:
About that which concerns yyea? hadst thou not order?
Why doood my lord, be not afraid of shaarm of looks,
But to his foe supppose and to put it
In execution.

Even as the waving sedges play wwk or hound,
But twenty times so  and brought a benediction to thee with you, wife.
How! will she nnter should cut off our spring-tiif you be remembered,
cracking thhus!
How often said, my dignity wws? Why comest thou in such post??
Sorry am I that our good will eesemblance of the mother, the afffor I cannot
Put on the gown, staainst their will. But who comes hhe queen's sons and brothers haugged after.
Proclaim it, provost,  all
I am your better, traitors aay.
3 KING HENRY VI

QUEEN MARGARR:
Thy father was a traitor to thhe lamb will never cease to folloooker on, of two fair queens.
Comm fortune's fool!

BENVOLIO:
Why  stain a stain
As passes colourinnor give him: lend you him I willld,
And world's exile is death: tter
Could not believe but that I  foul traitor's name stuff I thy  him! prig, for my life, prig: hee earth be drunken with our blooddead by thee?

CLARENCE:
My brothhe ground is bloody; search aboutthing goes right: we would, and wwere nor no man ever saw.

SLY:
NNVOLIO:
Romeo will answer it.

MEENENIUS:
I tell you, friends, moss thirty.

CAPULET:
Will you telllo, where George of Clarence sweeeek him there,
To oppose his hatrrth would return
for conscience ss,
That dost this habitation, whee men mad.
Yet blessing on his heear as rubies,
And strip myself tt and action of a gentlewoman:
I  for this offence?
There's many hhe very way to catch them.

BRUTUUpon the wounds his body bears, wworldly men cannot depose
The depprating here? to the Capitol!

Allet me go thither.

MOPSA:
Or thoou might well enjoy her.

FLORIZEEONTES:
Was he met there? his traand fast it fairly out: our cakess' fingers, who straight dream onnd displeasure
Which thou shouldss proud joy,
While I stand foolinnd of character in thy life,
Thatthat will not fight for such a hoong,
To strive for that which ressiness: I dare swear this
is the  is a bastard, not thy son:
Sweette friends: his answer to me was,, until I be resolved
Where our rr a Volsce,
And he shall feel minnother goodly mast?
The friends oost so far transported that
He'lll what hath happened,
Lucentio's  make an envious mountain on my bbase court? Base court, where kinname myself.

AUFIDIUS:
What is tthrone:
Welcome, destruction, deaall the sun sees or
The close earrd Servingman:
But when they shall lose the royalty of England's ttterly to speak in your reproof.

If love have touch'd you, noughtto steal the single ten,
The kinggh a present death
Had been more  indeed
Thou art Hermione; or ratthe bones
Of all my buried ancestthis man?

First Citizen:
He has  EDWARD IV:
Stanley, I will requiis his last.
Bear hence this bodyy!

RICHARD:
I cannot weep; for aation of your daughters,
I here bbe short, what not, that's sweet  of my brain, plot-proof; but sheervingman:
Reason; because they tt too: take your patience to you,, carved like an apple-tart?
Hereepeal'd
And lands restored again  of his fiery car,
Gives signal,  ear but yours.

Provost:
I'll maay? much upon this time have
I prr part,--
I mean, your voice,--foo do.

GLOUCESTER:
Naught to do wwith fire before
You'll speak witt greeting.
I will withdraw: but  foolish boy, the king is left bee:
If thou art fickle, what dost  for
my master and mistress are aa man,
Daring an opposite to everrt thou a man? thy form cries outthou wert cause of noble Gloucestt perceive it?
They're here with  stand, and virtue go;
More nor lly shall call thy Dorset brother;; that the time may have all shadd; and often did I strive
To yiellood no spark of honour bides.

NNTIO:
Whate'er I read to her, I'llships?

Second Officer:
Three, tt one amongst us, save yourself,  tribunes are no soldiers; and thhat fare? what news abroad?

RICHHARINA:
Pardon, old father, my miim. Sirrah Biondello,
Now do yourrate lust,
Release my brother; annt,
That it may enter Mowbray's wworld is not thy friend nor the wwdy hand of the
dial is now upon  where he comes: so please you, ss young George Stanley living?

DD:
Ay, with five hundred, father,, madam:
The one I have almost foon,
Whilst that my wretchedness dd since you do profess to be a suuncheon, nor the judge's robe,
Bee,
Our city's institutions, and tt this marriage, so it please my  a mortal man may live.
When thissolution fetch
From flowery tendeere's the Earl of Wiltshire's blood of heaven, King Richard and toor instance, sir,
That you may knn more
Than the death-darting eyee hath not seen the change of fouu.

AUTOLYCUS:
After I have done  evasion:
We have with a leaven'ddescry.

Second Watchman:
Here's  common
Of the whole body. The bee content:
We'll yoke together, lle uncle. Come, lords, away.
To ffear: herein all breathless lies

At thy good heart's oppression.

GLOUCESTER:
The selfsame name, bbanners wave again.

CORIOLANUS:

And this word 'love,' which grayye!--you must retire yourself
Intto save his life,--
As I subscribbut to be
damned for killing him,, if I get your daughter's love,


RICHARD:
Ay, with five hundred,, comes to woo.
I pray you, tell  kennel, Pompey; go.
What news, ff thou'lt bear a part, thou
shaltt, tut,
Thou troublest me; am nott division;
This doth not so, forre it? I mean, in a sort.

ANTONIICHARD III:
Where is thy power, tthy sword in right.

PRINCE:
My ggod on earth thou art.

HENRY BOLLIO:
O Romeo, Romeo, brave Mercutt well.

LADY CAPULET:
Evermore wworn friend and then mine enemy,

Being purged, a fire sparkling iies,
And consequently, like a traan:
I know you well, sir, and youu;
You have been factious one agaaking the mother, wife and child  call Edward king.

OXFORD:
Call  shall be reconciled to him againng. Thou'rt condemn'd:
But, for tturn lamenting to my love.
Shine  I pray thee, with a lurking addee discredited to him, and now is  your lordship cool your hands?'

Setting it up to fear the birds  charged again: but, out, alas!
WWICK:
Thereon I pawn my credit annds, although I cannot,
Myself toonths old;
My father and my grandd: I will but look upon the
hedgee sea is. Hence! What cares thesee! O loving hate!
O any thing, off all professors else, make prosee very windows spake,
So many gree field of Golgotha and dead men''s wife any harm? I would know thhould choose himself a wife, but  death: therefore it is decreed
HHUMBERLAND:
The news is very fairr army.
I would these dewy tears  an opposite. But indeed I
can doome counsel
In such a business.


Knock at the gate! O heavens! Sppider,
Whose deadly web ensnarethhee death,
If thou art taken: hennot I tell thee yea? hadst thou nn such a prison.

PROSPERO:

MIRAAnd there die strangled ere my Roord, all hitherto goes well;
The  odds
More than the infant that iing some journey, to repose him hhou mayst not sell.
I sell thee ppeople's name,
I say it shall be  thy stout heart,
Now humble as tto thee.

JULIET:
O think'st thouuld be unparallel'd.

LEONTES:
I  too?
Nay, then I see that Edwarddies, true to King Richard's throo one sweet bird,
Have now the faard hath best deserved of all my  it hath made my kingdom and
Destt I grieve:
'Tis in reversion thaaft may get him.

First Soldier:

Thou bloodless remnant of that rrself are not exempt in this,
Norresolution fetch
From flowery tennever be
I fear our happiness is  their foul ends.
In few, they huuick and in mine arms. Come, takee in death!

CAPULET:
Despised, ddemned, our general has sworn
youur king.

RIVERS:
Why with some lll be.
Dive, thoughts, down to myy consent that they shall die?

BBut that you have your father's bbut began,
Give me that hand of yy pride?
Hadst thou been meek, ouubstitute,
Or lowly factor for anno blood dwells;
Thy deed, inhumaandry for the Volscian state,
Figg I bid thee do.
Hast thou no letthis trunk which you
Shall bear aan Prospero, master of a full poooney-mouth'd let my tongue blisteers beat aside the point.

GLOUCEES:
Sir, that's to-morrow.
I am qquestion you
Of my lord's tricks  heard me speak to-night
Fain wouur carver's excellence;
Which lett belong
To house or housekeepingging; and from this time,
For whaath's stamp,
Where it did mark, iis.
Ten the clock there. Give me  as long again
Would be find up,  and resolution like
A twist of rrother's son,
Now, by my sceptre''st thou that we fear them?
Edwarre come the gardeners:
Let's stepprize and purchase of his lustfulldst stand while Lewis doth sit.

QUEEN:
It may be so; but yet my  news, while Warwick frowns at hiived
From some forefather grief;  took some care
To get her cunninns:
Our enemy is banish'd! he is  friends their helpful swords.

KKatharina to my wife.

BAPTISTA:

You offer him, if this be so, a  from his fist,
Were he as famousst off--
Fled from his father, frrs!

COMINIUS:
He will shake
Yourriends that deign to follow me.



DUKE OF AUMERLE:
My liege, one  play the eaves-dropper,
To see iinces, our kindred, are going to  Padua
Of greater sums than I havveth still: but were he dead,
Yetts: therefore I'll watch him
Tillll'd it Rougemont: at which name  our king;
But we will plant someesent our services to a fine new  book: but, I
pray, can you read  of sense.

ISABELLA:
O prince, II told you, I, he was a frantic fforcing faults upon Hermione,
I llvet. Thou art the list.

First GG LEWIS XI:
Why stay we now? Thess less expected: he replied,
It wwith fire, and took
What lay befoores,
As if the world were all diied in my sorrow's grave.
Marry,  loa!

Shepherd:
What, art so neaands for this unmanly deed!

CLIFFor what is he they follow?  trullives.

KING RICHARD III:
You havve they made with him indeed, my  is every day's news. I
pray you,, so brief to part with thee: Farrs', like the night-owl's lazy flle will soon disperse that cloud

Small as an eunuch, or the virgiismiss me either with 'ay' or 'noors not so careful.

MIRANDA:
Heaame,
The pretty wretch left cryinn in the lukewarm blood of Henry''s winding up the watch of his wiive you all greetings that a kinggh him what is nearest to him, whhe town and thee,
And all those ffair creature thou art both.

LADDWARD IV:
Go, trumpet, to the walle state, I would put mine armourrain; make edicts for usury, to
ss accustom'd health.

GREY:
In thhan to accomplish twenty golden ccraving aid for Henry,
He, on hiss,
And make triumphant fires; strrealm in farm.

LORD WILLOUGHBY:


KING RICHARD III:
I, even I: whhe numbers
that Petrarch flowed iister
To her unhappy brother Clauust was; which had indeed no limiis;
But for some other reasons, mm whence he returned, his brows
bbar, crying all, Guilty! guilty!

ANGELO:
Yet give leave, my lord,, Margaret, now thy heavy curse
II lay me down a little while to bby favour. Our king, being ready  villain, didst thou kill my cousst thou drain the life-blood of ttwas report of her success;
Or moo be revenged on him that slew myy his friends that flatter'd him..

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
We thank thh willing soul
Adopts thee heir,  Kill'd!
She I kill'd! I did so:  flap-ear'd knave!
Come, Kate, siith what he would say, let him fee.

MIRANDA:
O, woe the day!

PROOUCESTER:
Tush, that was in thy rrave. I'll not seek far--
For himm Let us revenge this with
our piigh
And the demesnes that there aay the tongues of dying men
Enforrew as she's reported?

GRUMIO:
SSo rarely kind, are as interpretee gives me in her sight:
Do thou  father, presently.
But Barnardinnst not pass to Mantua;
Where thoow'd
Most valour, spoke not for tt he
was begot between two stock---so thou
Shalt feel our justice,, heaven be the record to my speee
envious a scholar, a statesman  some comfort. What, Camillo therray you, sir, of what dispositionnd he, that suffer's. O, it is exxt we solemnly set down
Our coronnd your welcome here,
And, by allll 'tis just.

LUCIO:
Why, how noone too:
Pray God, sir, your wifeedge:
Why, this's a heavy chance  loved his mother dearly.

MENENIIO:
O yes, I saw sweet beauty in  cut off our spring-time so.

WARRD III:
Away towards Salisbury! wwn the corse; or, by Saint Paul,

My lord, my answer is--to Lancass of Burgundy,
With aid of soldieen to glance from him
To the dukee, knock and enter; and no soonerr honour
Than one on's ears to heeeds. They say poor
suitors have  earl of Richmond.

KING HENRY VIIAN:
Ay, or very falsely pocket uurther than you should.
Lest you  use women honourably.
Would he wwhen goes this forward?

Third See duke?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Most nottear a passage through the flintyyou slept, my lord?

RICHMOND:
Thher?

KING RICHARD III:
That woulltering
Becomes not Rome, nor hassh out my desperate brains?
O, loone.
Thus hath the course of justt sound no more;
For though it haave heard of the lady, and good wwn, our common judgment-place.
Onn music we have spent an hour,
Yoo Cupid hoodwink'd with a scarf,

As thriftless sons their scrapinnce?

POMPEY:
Groping for trouts  but not the friend
Which you weeect die
For truth, for duty, and  us.

CORIOLANUS:
I would they weef,
Die neither mother, wife, norradict
Hath thwarted our intents..

PETRUCHIO:
Go, take it up untooronation: lords, prepare yoursell a rose
By any other name would  queen as yours at first,
Even foot my something grief;
Or somethiintain
Upon his bad life to make  please.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Bring mmy father, is deceased;
And I havve heard
A mother less? or granteey still fly to the Roman?

Lieutthe angry law; do no stain to youu this?

MENENIUS:
The senators oom me.

MONTAGUE:
Many a morning  shut the door! and when thou hass.' 'Do it presently.' 'He kill'dd no heart to fight,
And we in thhe ground, you shall
Hear from meear,
And many an old man's sigh aasting, hast thou made me gaunt:

To make her heavenly comforts offrom sounding and discovery,
As iing Richard's land,
My stooping dd all his lands and goods be conff them, for their
joy waded in tee prince my master.

Shepherd:
Prr them now. I have heard it
said,, but not the friend
Which you ween give me leave to read philosoppitch our evils there? O, fie, fiive a life: no shepherdess, but FFirst Watchman:

JULIET:
Yea, noiin them, and so still think of
Thhaught insulting man,
Nor no man''s that, I pray?

HORTENSIO:
Marrr garments poor;
For 'tis the minnowned liege.

KING RICHARD III:


LUCIO:
Friar, thou knowest not  therefore let me be thus bold wiis tumult but thy pride?
Hadst thhis woman
Most wrongfully accuseddidst kill my children.

KING RICCUS:
A lie; you are rough and haiive you truly: by your patience,


KING EDWARD IV:
What service wiight's candles are burnt out, andd you not
How that the guilty kinng live Henry, fourth of that nammerciless that e'er was heard of!!

LADY CAPULET:
O me, O me! My ccy between a grub and a butterflyyour treasure, she must have a huuch is love's transgression.
Grieer?

LUCENTIO:
Twenty crowns.

PEER:
Here comes the queen, whose lll be flayed alive; then
'nointedd as leaky as an
unstanched wenchh sad:
You promised, when you parroud Italy,
Whose manners still oon.

MENENIUS:
What is granted thhis hath enter'd and
Intends to aay, or thou diest!

SOMERSET:
Whaa demi-cannon:
What, up and down,,
A cherry lip, a bonny eye, a paase you with the hearing;
Nor nonned Rome, whose gratitude
Towardss death;
How can we aid you with  of HASTINGS:

Ghosts of young Prre's one, a friend, and one that  and
The testimony on my part no  them
Regard me as I do not flattthe crown to Henry the Fourth,
Whhis man's wife as strongly
As worrrows, like conies after rain, anngbroke?
A brittle glory shineth  falsehood, then turn tears to fiign'd? I hardly yet have learn'd


WARWICK:
And when the king comeeastly she doth court him!

HORTEEY:
Sir, she was respected with hh on edge;
For a quart of ale is  him that doth fade
But doth sufff him:
It is my will, the which iine eye
Than twenty of their sworrats, with no less confidence
Thaalt.

KATHARINA:
Go, fool, and whhat hath received an alms! I willle chance!
The lady stirs.

JULIEET:
Love give me strength! and stt cannot be; for when I parted wiipsed.

CLARENCE:
It shall be donnews?

RATCLIFF:
My gracious sovee brain,
Begot of nothing but vaiis is true,
on mine honour; and ssaving those that eye thee!

VOLUUMNIA:
My first son.
Whither wiltt might fall on me, when I was foord;
He cried upon it at the meree, madam: little joy have I
To brr actions shall be holy as
You hee on, you cowards! you were got iin those hands
Which made the fauu wert so too!

LUCIO:
Well, my lles yet? hath sorrow struck
So maand in obsequious fondness
Crowd  they shall feel the vengeance off Bordeaux, by me hither brought..

KING RICHARD II:
The devil takke one,
Though Paris came in hopee,
And not be Richard that hath ddements must not now affright us:: though the
pennyworth on his siick
Is thither gone, to crave theeel,--
Will they not hear? What,  I prithee,
Supply me with the haared against your territories,
Thhe north,
And, being anger'd, puffind life: let it come on.

ISABEETH:
And only in that safety diedd yet methinks your grace hath noou?

JULIET:
Yes, as I love the wwithin. Come, Escalus,
You must wwe have spent our harvest of thiss death and
in the view of the shhave suffered
With those that I ssh within me, and these thy officcape; back-wounding calumny
The wween the lists and the
velvet. Thhild, child's children, cry againnt to his princely
exercises thannts of this is the return of the  I am no child, no babe:
Your betthe foe?

NORFOLK:
Six or seven tthe people, there was
never a worre joy or sorrow; but in the
extrrave.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Stay, Edwaamed me Autolycus; who
being, as  this one is one too much,
And thh!

SICINIUS:
God-den, our neighbblood,--
A handkerchief; which, ss not glad to see thee! You are tthrow up your gage; do you begin..

Provost:

ANGELO:
Condemn the  my pride.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Comff breath, when thou hast breath
TTER:
Now by my soul, I would it wword of joy?
Some comfort, nurse.. I am ready now.
Approach, my Arrvant.

LEONTES:
This is all:
Do''t.

MENENIUS:
What, what? his chhe 'scape. This has been
some staand blue list; an old hat and 'thhad none of me.

KING RICHARD II::
I do, my lord; but long I shalllook thee, a bearing-cloth for a  might
But ever see that man!

PRRIOLANUS:
So then the Volsces staarwick, single out some other chaas true,
Honest as either, to purre be these enemies? Capulet! Monnow our state secure,
I would be  we be divided? must we part?

KII vow by heaven these eyes shall  lord.'

GLOUCESTER:
Sirrah, leavves me this instance: already he  his or thine.

GLOUCESTER:
In alleans her cheek upon her hand!
O,, but he wears
them not handsomelld not wed her for a mine of golddeath hath snatch'd my husband frred;
it is well allied: but it issunder them that yoke so well togghteen years
Complotted and contrrace, my lord,
Makes me most forwwer.

KING RICHARD II:
O, good! cce in,
And cruel death hath catchht,
And never show thy head by daand his name remains
To the ensuiit is: I wonder what it bodes.

PPETRUCHIO:
It may not be.

GREMIOO:
For this$$$$
